Disaster readiness fund urged [ North Carolina ]	0	Catastrophe
Disaster readiness fund urged [ North Carolina ]	3	Request
` ` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .	26	Assistance
` ` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .	32	Catastrophe
The General Assembly has worked to improve its response to potential terrorist attacks after the Sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks and the ensuing anthrax scares .	8	Response
The General Assembly has worked to improve its response to potential terrorist attacks after the Sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks and the ensuing anthrax scares .	12	Attack
The General Assembly has worked to improve its response to potential terrorist attacks after the Sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks and the ensuing anthrax scares .	11	Terrorism
The General Assembly has worked to improve its response to potential terrorist attacks after the Sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks and the ensuing anthrax scares .	6	Cause_to_make_progress
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .	13	Telling
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .	40	Catastrophe
The state and localities , Chafee said , sometimes get mandated to use federal homeland security funds for decontamination or preparation for bioterrorism , when the money might be better spent putting together a communications systems that would let first responders such as police , fire and rescue from different communities communicate with each other more easily . ' ' ( Pawtucket Times , 21Apr06 , Jim Baron ) ( Link )	6	Statement
The state and localities , Chafee said , sometimes get mandated to use federal homeland security funds for decontamination or preparation for bioterrorism , when the money might be better spent putting together a communications systems that would let first responders such as police , fire and rescue from different communities communicate with each other more easily . ' ' ( Pawtucket Times , 21Apr06 , Jim Baron ) ( Link )	12	Using
The state and localities , Chafee said , sometimes get mandated to use federal homeland security funds for decontamination or preparation for bioterrorism , when the money might be better spent putting together a communications systems that would let first responders such as police , fire and rescue from different communities communicate with each other more easily . ' ' ( Pawtucket Times , 21Apr06 , Jim Baron ) ( Link )	18	Emptying
The state and localities , Chafee said , sometimes get mandated to use federal homeland security funds for decontamination or preparation for bioterrorism , when the money might be better spent putting together a communications systems that would let first responders such as police , fire and rescue from different communities communicate with each other more easily . ' ' ( Pawtucket Times , 21Apr06 , Jim Baron ) ( Link )	32	Building
The state and localities , Chafee said , sometimes get mandated to use federal homeland security funds for decontamination or preparation for bioterrorism , when the money might be better spent putting together a communications systems that would let first responders such as police , fire and rescue from different communities communicate with each other more easily . ' ' ( Pawtucket Times , 21Apr06 , Jim Baron ) ( Link )	34	Communication
The state and localities , Chafee said , sometimes get mandated to use federal homeland security funds for decontamination or preparation for bioterrorism , when the money might be better spent putting together a communications systems that would let first responders such as police , fire and rescue from different communities communicate with each other more easily . ' ' ( Pawtucket Times , 21Apr06 , Jim Baron ) ( Link )	51	Communication
Mock drill readies Dublin [ Georgia ] district for terrorist threat	9	Terrorism
Mock drill readies Dublin [ Georgia ] district for terrorist threat	1	Practice
The essence of the drill was to test how quickly a mass amount of medicine and treatment could be delivered to the public .	19	Sending
The essence of the drill was to test how quickly a mass amount of medicine and treatment could be delivered to the public .	4	Practice
' There was excellent participation and cooperation .	2	Presence
' There was excellent participation and cooperation .	4	Participation
' There was excellent participation and cooperation .	6	Collaboration
' Though about 350 people participated in the drill , about 500 patients were actually processed because many participants went through multiple times , with varying symptoms each time .	5	Participation
' Though about 350 people participated in the drill , about 500 patients were actually processed because many participants went through multiple times , with varying symptoms each time .	18	Participation
' Though about 350 people participated in the drill , about 500 patients were actually processed because many participants went through multiple times , with varying symptoms each time .	19	Motion
' Though about 350 people participated in the drill , about 500 patients were actually processed because many participants went through multiple times , with varying symptoms each time .	8	Practice
' Though about 350 people participated in the drill , about 500 patients were actually processed because many participants went through multiple times , with varying symptoms each time .	16	Causation
It was an anti - terror test and a drill for the upcoming Hurricane season .	9	Practice
It was an anti - terror test and a drill for the upcoming Hurricane season .	6	Testing
The test is what to do when a deadly sarin gas has been released in a meeting room infecting dozens .	5	Action
The test is what to do when a deadly sarin gas has been released in a meeting room infecting dozens .	8	Killing
The test is what to do when a deadly sarin gas has been released in a meeting room infecting dozens .	16	Social_event
The test is what to do when a deadly sarin gas has been released in a meeting room infecting dozens .	1	Testing
The center ' s director pledged a thorough review of safety procedures .	5	Commitment
` ` Four secret transfers of 63 kilograms of highly enriched uranium from a research laboratory in Uzbekistan to a secure Russian reprocessing facility were completed April 19 by the U . S . Department of Energy ' s National Nuclear Security Administration ( NNSA ) .	4	Sending
` ` Four secret transfers of 63 kilograms of highly enriched uranium from a research laboratory in Uzbekistan to a secure Russian reprocessing facility were completed April 19 by the U . S . Department of Energy ' s National Nuclear Security Administration ( NNSA ) .	14	Research
' These shipments of highly enriched uranium spent fuel are part of NNSA ' s efforts to make sure this type of material does n ' t fall into the wrong hands , ' NNSA Administrator Linton F . Brooks said in an April 20 press release .	2	Sending
' These shipments of highly enriched uranium spent fuel are part of NNSA ' s efforts to make sure this type of material does n ' t fall into the wrong hands , ' NNSA Administrator Linton F . Brooks said in an April 20 press release .	40	Statement
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .	10	Receiving
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .	15	Know
The eight - wheeled vehicles , developed to fill a gap between infantry soldiers driving Humvees and tanks , is the Army ' s next step in becoming a future fighting force .	6	Cause_to_make_progress
The eight - wheeled vehicles , developed to fill a gap between infantry soldiers driving Humvees and tanks , is the Army ' s next step in becoming a future fighting force .	25	Action
The eight - wheeled vehicles , developed to fill a gap between infantry soldiers driving Humvees and tanks , is the Army ' s next step in becoming a future fighting force .	27	Becoming
The eight - wheeled vehicles , developed to fill a gap between infantry soldiers driving Humvees and tanks , is the Army ' s next step in becoming a future fighting force .	30	Hostile_encounter
India and US to advance cooperation to deal with terrorism	5	Collaboration
India and US to advance cooperation to deal with terrorism	7	Resolve_problem
India and US to advance cooperation to deal with terrorism	9	Terrorism
This was decided at the two - day meeting of the India - US Joint Working Group on Counterterrorim , which ended today .	2	Deciding
This was decided at the two - day meeting of the India - US Joint Working Group on Counterterrorim , which ended today .	21	Process_end
This was decided at the two - day meeting of the India - US Joint Working Group on Counterterrorim , which ended today .	8	Communication
The two countries decided to advance cooperation in the areas of bioterrorism , aviation security , biometrics , cyber - security and terrorism , WMD - terrorism , terrorist finance and money laundering and violent extremism , a release issued by the Embassy of India said .	3	Deciding
The two countries decided to advance cooperation in the areas of bioterrorism , aviation security , biometrics , cyber - security and terrorism , WMD - terrorism , terrorist finance and money laundering and violent extremism , a release issued by the Embassy of India said .	6	Collaboration
The two countries decided to advance cooperation in the areas of bioterrorism , aviation security , biometrics , cyber - security and terrorism , WMD - terrorism , terrorist finance and money laundering and violent extremism , a release issued by the Embassy of India said .	45	Statement
The two countries decided to advance cooperation in the areas of bioterrorism , aviation security , biometrics , cyber - security and terrorism , WMD - terrorism , terrorist finance and money laundering and violent extremism , a release issued by the Embassy of India said .	11	Terrorism
The two countries decided to advance cooperation in the areas of bioterrorism , aviation security , biometrics , cyber - security and terrorism , WMD - terrorism , terrorist finance and money laundering and violent extremism , a release issued by the Embassy of India said .	28	Terrorism
The two countries decided to advance cooperation in the areas of bioterrorism , aviation security , biometrics , cyber - security and terrorism , WMD - terrorism , terrorist finance and money laundering and violent extremism , a release issued by the Embassy of India said .	22	Terrorism
` ` Every day , about 350 trucks carrying trash from Canada come into Michigan to dump it in our landfills .	8	Bringing
` ` Every day , about 350 trucks carrying trash from Canada come into Michigan to dump it in our landfills .	12	Arriving
The U . S . Bureau of Customs and Border Protection has no effective way to screen or inspect these trash trucks as they enter Michigan , and the potential consequences of this security gap are immense .	18	Scrutiny
The U . S . Bureau of Customs and Border Protection has no effective way to screen or inspect these trash trucks as they enter Michigan , and the potential consequences of this security gap are immense .	24	Arriving
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) recently completed a study , conducted in response to a request I [ Carl Levin ] made with Senator Debbie Stabenow and Rep . John Dingell that bluntly acknowledges the security risk these trucks pose .	13	Action
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) recently completed a study , conducted in response to a request I [ Carl Levin ] made with Senator Debbie Stabenow and Rep . John Dingell that bluntly acknowledges the security risk these trucks pose .	15	Response
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) recently completed a study , conducted in response to a request I [ Carl Levin ] made with Senator Debbie Stabenow and Rep . John Dingell that bluntly acknowledges the security risk these trucks pose .	18	Request
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) recently completed a study , conducted in response to a request I [ Carl Levin ] made with Senator Debbie Stabenow and Rep . John Dingell that bluntly acknowledges the security risk these trucks pose .	11	Scrutiny
The screening methods are nearly useless for screening trash , however , due to the density and lack of uniform content of trash shipments .	23	Sending
The X - ray image produced is nothing more than a large amorphous black mass . I fear that for every trash truck caught carrying contraband into Michigan , many more get through undetected with drugs , medical waste or other illegal material .	5	Creating
The X - ray image produced is nothing more than a large amorphous black mass . I fear that for every trash truck caught carrying contraband into Michigan , many more get through undetected with drugs , medical waste or other illegal material .	24	Bringing
The X - ray image produced is nothing more than a large amorphous black mass . I fear that for every trash truck caught carrying contraband into Michigan , many more get through undetected with drugs , medical waste or other illegal material .	41	Legality
The X - ray image produced is nothing more than a large amorphous black mass . I fear that for every trash truck caught carrying contraband into Michigan , many more get through undetected with drugs , medical waste or other illegal material .	31	Arriving
JOHANNESBURG - After four days in the hospital battling a lung infection , former President Nelson Mandela of South Africa ` ` is responding better to treatment , ' ' President Jacob Zuma told Parliament in Cape Town on Wednesday .	23	Response
JOHANNESBURG - After four days in the hospital battling a lung infection , former President Nelson Mandela of South Africa ` ` is responding better to treatment , ' ' President Jacob Zuma told Parliament in Cape Town on Wednesday .	33	Statement
JOHANNESBURG - After four days in the hospital battling a lung infection , former President Nelson Mandela of South Africa ` ` is responding better to treatment , ' ' President Jacob Zuma told Parliament in Cape Town on Wednesday .	8	Hostile_encounter
' ' We are very happy with the progress that he ' s now making , following a difficult few days , ' ' Zuma said .	18	Confronting_problem
' ' We are very happy with the progress that he ' s now making , following a difficult few days , ' ' Zuma said .	25	Statement
The renewed investigation of Morsi and members of the Muslim Brotherhood dates to the uprising that led to the ouster of Mubarak in 2011 .	2	Criminal_investigation
The renewed investigation of Morsi and members of the Muslim Brotherhood dates to the uprising that led to the ouster of Mubarak in 2011 .	14	Change_of_leadership
The renewed investigation of Morsi and members of the Muslim Brotherhood dates to the uprising that led to the ouster of Mubarak in 2011 .	19	Change_of_leadership
The renewed investigation of Morsi and members of the Muslim Brotherhood dates to the uprising that led to the ouster of Mubarak in 2011 .	16	Causation
Morsi and other Brotherhood leaders were arrested Jan . 28 and held in the Wadi Natroun prison north of Cairo , until they escaped two days later .	6	Arrest
The SCS brochure I am enclosing will give you the historic significance of SCS , as well as listing activities and specific benefits awarded to donors at the Georgia O ' Keeffe level .	7	Giving
The SCS brochure I am enclosing will give you the historic significance of SCS , as well as listing activities and specific benefits awarded to donors at the Georgia O ' Keeffe level .	25	Giving
The SCS brochure I am enclosing will give you the historic significance of SCS , as well as listing activities and specific benefits awarded to donors at the Georgia O ' Keeffe level .	19	Action
The SCS brochure I am enclosing will give you the historic significance of SCS , as well as listing activities and specific benefits awarded to donors at the Georgia O ' Keeffe level .	5	Placing
Additionally , I am sending traditional background materials on the Museum and the two latest issues of our Previews Magazine detailing upcoming events , exhibitions , and educational programs .	4	Sending
Additionally , I am sending traditional background materials on the Museum and the two latest issues of our Previews Magazine detailing upcoming events , exhibitions , and educational programs .	27	Education_teaching
Additionally , I am sending traditional background materials on the Museum and the two latest issues of our Previews Magazine detailing upcoming events , exhibitions , and educational programs .	20	Statement
In joining SCS , you join the ranks of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city makes life better , richer , and more rewarding for the entire community .	1	Becoming_a_member
In joining SCS , you join the ranks of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city makes life better , richer , and more rewarding for the entire community .	5	Becoming_a_member
In joining SCS , you join the ranks of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city makes life better , richer , and more rewarding for the entire community .	13	Bringing
In joining SCS , you join the ranks of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city makes life better , richer , and more rewarding for the entire community .	17	Education_teaching
In joining SCS , you join the ranks of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city makes life better , richer , and more rewarding for the entire community .	21	Causation
At the beginning of the second millennium b . c . , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .	21	Exchange
At the beginning of the second millennium b . c . , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .	18	Connect
Scholars speculate that Shalim might have been an ancient Semitic deity of peace , for the name resembles the modern Hebrew and Arabic words for ` ` peace ' ' : shalom and salaam , respectively .	1	Coming_to_believe
If true , this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth .	13	Becoming
If true , this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth .	23	Connect
He also brought the Ark of the Covenant , the portable tabernacle containing the Tablets of the Law received on Mount Sinai , to the Spring of Gihon , just outside the walls of Jerusalem .	2	Bringing
He also brought the Ark of the Covenant , the portable tabernacle containing the Tablets of the Law received on Mount Sinai , to the Spring of Gihon , just outside the walls of Jerusalem .	12	Containing
He also brought the Ark of the Covenant , the portable tabernacle containing the Tablets of the Law received on Mount Sinai , to the Spring of Gihon , just outside the walls of Jerusalem .	18	Receiving
He also brought the Ark of the Covenant , the portable tabernacle containing the Tablets of the Law received on Mount Sinai , to the Spring of Gihon , just outside the walls of Jerusalem .	19	Connect
There the Ark rested until it was placed in the Temple , built in approximately 960 b . c . on Mt . Moriah , the high point at the northern end of the city .	7	Placing
There the Ark rested until it was placed in the Temple , built in approximately 960 b . c . on Mt . Moriah , the high point at the northern end of the city .	12	Building
There the Ark rested until it was placed in the Temple , built in approximately 960 b . c . on Mt . Moriah , the high point at the northern end of the city .	20	Connect
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .	7	Commerce_buy
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .	28	Causation
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .	34	Hostile_encounter
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .	25	Building
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .	17	Building
According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .	37	Connect
At the Temple ' s dedication , Solomon addressed his God : ` ` . . . the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ' '	8	Statement
At the Temple ' s dedication , Solomon addressed his God : ` ` . . . the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ' '	40	Building
At the Temple ' s dedication , Solomon addressed his God : ` ` . . . the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ' '	29	Containing
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt . Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .	6	Becoming
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt . Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .	13	Connect
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt . Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .	16	Placing
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt . Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .	23	Rite
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt . Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .	7	Check
The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt . Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .	21	Request
Along with this splendid house of worship , Solomon built a royal palace , mansions for his wives , temples for the foreign gods worshipped by the princesses he had married , and towers for the defense of the capital .	6	Rite
Along with this splendid house of worship , Solomon built a royal palace , mansions for his wives , temples for the foreign gods worshipped by the princesses he had married , and towers for the defense of the capital .	9	Building
Along with this splendid house of worship , Solomon built a royal palace , mansions for his wives , temples for the foreign gods worshipped by the princesses he had married , and towers for the defense of the capital .	36	Defending
But with his death the empire collapsed , and the Israelite kingdom was divided into two separate , impoverished , often warring nations : Israel , with its capital at Shechem in the north , ruled by a series of northern dynasties ; and the smaller kingdom of Judah , with its capital at Jerusalem , from which the Davidic dynasty continued to rule .	3	Death
In 701 b . c . the Assyrian armies of Sennacherib destroyed Israel and moved southward to besiege Jerusalem .	11	Destroying
In 701 b . c . the Assyrian armies of Sennacherib destroyed Israel and moved southward to besiege Jerusalem .	14	Motion
When it fell , the Temple and all the buildings were burned .	11	Bodily_harm
The people of the once - glorious city were forced into an exile known as ` ` the Babylonian Captivity . ' '	9	Motion
In time , the kingdom of Babylon was overthrown and the Israelites were permitted to return to Jerusalem in 539 b . c . The city was now under the more tolerant rule of the Persians , but rebuilding was slow work .	8	Change_of_leadership
In time , the kingdom of Babylon was overthrown and the Israelites were permitted to return to Jerusalem in 539 b . c . The city was now under the more tolerant rule of the Persians , but rebuilding was slow work .	15	Arriving
When Seleucid rulers outlawed Judaism , Jews led by Judah Maccabee and his brothers staged a revolution in 167 b . c . and , against all odds , restored the primacy of Jewish religious life in Jerusalem .	16	Change_of_leadership
The Macabbees cleansed the Temple of Hellenistic idols and the blood of pagan sacrifices ; the eight - day celebration of Hanukkah ( Feast of Dedication ) commemorates their victory .	13	Rite
The Macabbees cleansed the Temple of Hellenistic idols and the blood of pagan sacrifices ; the eight - day celebration of Hanukkah ( Feast of Dedication ) commemorates their victory .	2	Emptying
The Hasmoneans ruled until Pompey ' s Roman legions arrived in 63 b . c .	9	Arriving
After the initial years of Roman administration and political infighting , Rome installed Herod ( scion of a family from Idumea , a Jewish kingdom in the desert ) as King of Judea .	12	Change_of_leadership
The courtyard around the Temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims , and the Temple Mount was shored up by retaining walls made with great stone blocks .	6	Expansion
The courtyard around the Temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims , and the Temple Mount was shored up by retaining walls made with great stone blocks .	25	Building
A massive fortress was built overlooking the Temple Mount , which Herod named ` ` Antonia ' ' in honor of his Roman friend and benefactor , Mark Antony .	4	Building
In about a . d . 30 he and his followers went for Passover to Jerusalem , which was in unrest at this time , dissatisfied with Roman domination .	11	Motion
Jesus ' s entry into the Temple caused a commotion ; after the Passover dinner he was arrested by the temple priests , who were under direct Roman rule .	3	Arriving
Jesus ' s entry into the Temple caused a commotion ; after the Passover dinner he was arrested by the temple priests , who were under direct Roman rule .	7	Causation
Jesus ' s entry into the Temple caused a commotion ; after the Passover dinner he was arrested by the temple priests , who were under direct Roman rule .	14	Social_event
Jesus ' s entry into the Temple caused a commotion ; after the Passover dinner he was arrested by the temple priests , who were under direct Roman rule .	17	Arrest
Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion , a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals .	9	Killing
In a province rife with rebellion and retaliation , the execution in Jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the Galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history .	5	Change_of_leadership
In a province rife with rebellion and retaliation , the execution in Jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the Galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history .	7	Revenge
After Jesus ' s crucifixion , harsh Roman rule continued until a . d . 66 , when the Jews rebelled .	4	Killing
For four years Jewish zealots fought against the might of Rome .	5	Hostile_encounter
For 60 years Jerusalem lay in ruins , until the Roman Emperor Hadrian ordered the city rebuilt as a Roman town dedicated to Jupiter .	13	Request
In outrage , the Jews began a second revolt against Rome , led by Simon bar Kochba .	5	Process_start
In outrage , the Jews began a second revolt against Rome , led by Simon bar Kochba .	8	Change_of_leadership
Jerusalem ' s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished , but its spiritual power for Jews , and for the struggling new Christian religion , remained .	4	Presence
Jerusalem ' s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished , but its spiritual power for Jews , and for the struggling new Christian religion , remained .	10	Process_end
But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century , and Jerusalem became a center of religion once again .	4	Becoming
Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation , Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam .	8	Destroying
Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation , Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam .	12	Conquering
The Temple Mount was identified in Islamic tradition as ` ` the farthest spot ' ' ( in Arabic , el - aksa ) , the site to which the Prophet Muhammad was transported in one night from Mecca on a winged horse , as described in the 17th chapter of the Koran .	33	Bringing
The Temple Mount was identified in Islamic tradition as ` ` the farthest spot ' ' ( in Arabic , el - aksa ) , the site to which the Prophet Muhammad was transported in one night from Mecca on a winged horse , as described in the 17th chapter of the Koran .	45	Statement
The Dome of the Rock remains Jerusalem ' s most striking monument ; it is counted among the most beautiful buildings ever created .	22	Creating
By about 715 , the El - Aksa Mosque , third holiest place of prayer in Islam ( after Mecca and Medina ) , had been built on the southern side of the Temple Mount .	14	Rite
By about 715 , the El - Aksa Mosque , third holiest place of prayer in Islam ( after Mecca and Medina ) , had been built on the southern side of the Temple Mount .	26	Building
By about 715 , the El - Aksa Mosque , third holiest place of prayer in Islam ( after Mecca and Medina ) , had been built on the southern side of the Temple Mount .	27	Connect
In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .	21	Killing
The Crusaders established a feudal Christian state with Godfrey at its head .	2	Creating
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem , but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin .	1	Building
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem , but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin .	21	Motion
During the Sixth Crusade ( 1228 - 1229 ) , the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II managed to secure Jerusalem for the Christians by negotiation .	18	Getting
During the Sixth Crusade ( 1228 - 1229 ) , the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II managed to secure Jerusalem for the Christians by negotiation .	24	Communication
Much of the best Islamic architecture in the city was constructed in the Mameluke era , but the past thousand years had taken their toll : Jerusalem was unable to regain the prosperity it had enjoyed in earlier times .	10	Building
Jerusalem fell to the Ottomans in 1517 , remaining under their control for 400 years .	11	Control
But when Suleiman died , his empire , including Jerusalem , began a long period of decline .	3	Death
But when Suleiman died , his empire , including Jerusalem , began a long period of decline .	11	Process_start
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a Jewish ` ` national home ' ' in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non - Jewish people already living there .	7	Communication
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a Jewish ` ` national home ' ' in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non - Jewish people already living there .	13	Causation
Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a Jewish ` ` national home ' ' in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non - Jewish people already living there .	41	Presence
The problem was that British strategists , who were fighting the Ottoman Turks in 1917 , had secretly promised the lands to their World War I Arab allies .	9	Hostile_encounter
The problem was that British strategists , who were fighting the Ottoman Turks in 1917 , had secretly promised the lands to their World War I Arab allies .	18	Commitment
But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .	8	Building
But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .	11	Causation
But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .	14	Hostile_encounter
But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .	22	Bearing_arms
But lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .	15	Process_end
But lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .	17	Hostile_encounter
But lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .	19	Process_start
But lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .	23	Removing
But lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .	7	Deciding
In response , member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs .	1	Response
In response , member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs .	9	Sending
In response , member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs .	12	Assistance
Jews were evacuated from the Old City ' s Jewish Quarter , and thousands of Arab families fled their homes in West Jerusalem .	2	Removing
As a result of armistice agreements in 1949 , Jerusalem was divided : West Jerusalem was to be under Israeli control , and East Jerusalem ( including the Old City , with its Jewish , Muslim , Christian , and Armenian quarters ) came under Jordanian authority .	20	Control
Free access to holy sites for members of all religions was guaranteed by the armistice agreements .	0	Cost
Iran possesses five research reactors and two partially constructed power reactors at Bushehr .	3	Research
Iran possesses five research reactors and two partially constructed power reactors at Bushehr .	8	Building
It acceded to the Treaty on the Non - Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1970 .	1	Sign_agreement
In the mid - 1970s , Iran initiated a nuclear power program , though there are reports that it also began a small nuclear weapon research program at the same time .	16	Statement
In the mid - 1970s , Iran initiated a nuclear power program , though there are reports that it also began a small nuclear weapon research program at the same time .	20	Process_start
In the mid - 1970s , Iran initiated a nuclear power program , though there are reports that it also began a small nuclear weapon research program at the same time .	25	Research
Iran has denied the charges that it is pursuing a nuclear weapons program , and argues that nuclear technology for civilian use is the right of every non - nuclear weapon state party to the NPT .	15	Protest
Iran has denied the charges that it is pursuing a nuclear weapons program , and argues that nuclear technology for civilian use is the right of every non - nuclear weapon state party to the NPT .	21	Using
American concerns over Iran ' s nuclear program intensified in mid - 2002 , when American intelligence learned of the existence of two secret nuclear facilities .	17	Coming_to_believe
American concerns over Iran ' s nuclear program intensified in mid - 2002 , when American intelligence learned of the existence of two secret nuclear facilities .	20	Presence
In February 2003 , Iranian leaders announced a new plan to develop a nuclear energy plan using entirely domestic resources .	6	Statement
In February 2003 , Iranian leaders announced a new plan to develop a nuclear energy plan using entirely domestic resources .	16	Using
In February 2003 , Iranian leaders announced a new plan to develop a nuclear energy plan using entirely domestic resources .	11	Cause_to_make_progress
This development is of particular concern , considering the revelation of the two secret facilities .	9	Reveal_secret
During the IAEA ' s visit to Iran , Iranian officials indicated that Iran would honor its safeguards agreement with the IAEA , but did not clearly indicate Iran ' s willingness to accept the Additional Protocol .	11	Communication
During the IAEA ' s visit to Iran , Iranian officials indicated that Iran would honor its safeguards agreement with the IAEA , but did not clearly indicate Iran ' s willingness to accept the Additional Protocol .	27	Communication
During the IAEA ' s visit to Iran , Iranian officials indicated that Iran would honor its safeguards agreement with the IAEA , but did not clearly indicate Iran ' s willingness to accept the Additional Protocol .	33	Receiving
During the IAEA ' s visit to Iran , Iranian officials indicated that Iran would honor its safeguards agreement with the IAEA , but did not clearly indicate Iran ' s willingness to accept the Additional Protocol .	5	Arriving
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	5	Placing
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	15	Manufacturing
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	39	Scrutiny
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	19	Scrutiny
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	48	Creating
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	49	Research
Reports in the Western media in March 2003 charged that Iran may have taken this step .	8	Judgment_communication
Reports in the Western media in March 2003 charged that Iran may have taken this step .	15	Action
Reports in the Western media in March 2003 charged that Iran may have taken this step .	0	Statement
An Iranian initiative to normalize relations was communicated to the United States in May 2003 .	7	Communication
It includes a promise to address U . S . concerns on nuclear weapons in exchange for lifting sanctions and eventual normalization of relations .	3	Commitment
It includes a promise to address U . S . concerns on nuclear weapons in exchange for lifting sanctions and eventual normalization of relations .	15	Exchange
It includes a promise to address U . S . concerns on nuclear weapons in exchange for lifting sanctions and eventual normalization of relations .	18	Revenge
In March 2004 , the revelation , combined with IAEA evidence that nuclear activities had been pursued on Iranian military bases , led to a first - ever acknowledgment by Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani that the Iranian military had produced centrifuges to enrich uranium .	22	Causation
In March 2004 , the revelation , combined with IAEA evidence that nuclear activities had been pursued on Iranian military bases , led to a first - ever acknowledgment by Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani that the Iranian military had produced centrifuges to enrich uranium .	39	Manufacturing
In March 2004 , the revelation , combined with IAEA evidence that nuclear activities had been pursued on Iranian military bases , led to a first - ever acknowledgment by Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani that the Iranian military had produced centrifuges to enrich uranium .	13	Action
In March 2004 , the revelation , combined with IAEA evidence that nuclear activities had been pursued on Iranian military bases , led to a first - ever acknowledgment by Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani that the Iranian military had produced centrifuges to enrich uranium .	5	Reveal_secret
In March 2004 , the revelation , combined with IAEA evidence that nuclear activities had been pursued on Iranian military bases , led to a first - ever acknowledgment by Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani that the Iranian military had produced centrifuges to enrich uranium .	28	Statement
In April 2004 , Iran vowed to step up cooperation with the IAEA , adding that it had not only suspended enrichment programs but also stopped producing and assembling related parts .	9	Collaboration
In April 2004 , Iran vowed to step up cooperation with the IAEA , adding that it had not only suspended enrichment programs but also stopped producing and assembling related parts .	14	Statement
In April 2004 , Iran vowed to step up cooperation with the IAEA , adding that it had not only suspended enrichment programs but also stopped producing and assembling related parts .	25	Process_end
In April 2004 , Iran vowed to step up cooperation with the IAEA , adding that it had not only suspended enrichment programs but also stopped producing and assembling related parts .	26	Manufacturing
In April 2004 , Iran vowed to step up cooperation with the IAEA , adding that it had not only suspended enrichment programs but also stopped producing and assembling related parts .	28	Building
In April 2004 , Iran vowed to step up cooperation with the IAEA , adding that it had not only suspended enrichment programs but also stopped producing and assembling related parts .	5	Commitment
In April 2004 , Iran vowed to step up cooperation with the IAEA , adding that it had not only suspended enrichment programs but also stopped producing and assembling related parts .	7	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .	5	Scrutiny
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U . S . government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .	31	Process_start
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U . S . government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .	59	Action
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U . S . government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .	10	Ratification
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U . S . government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .	2	Sign_agreement
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .	3	Statement
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .	8	Process_start
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .	10	Cause_to_make_progress
Iran strongly denies acquiring or producing biological weapons .	3	Getting
Iran strongly denies acquiring or producing biological weapons .	5	Manufacturing
Although Iran ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in November 1997 , the United States believes that Iran has maintained a chemical weapons program since 1984 , including production of sarin , mustard , phosgene , and hydrocyanic acid .	2	Ratification
Although Iran ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in November 1997 , the United States believes that Iran has maintained a chemical weapons program since 1984 , including production of sarin , mustard , phosgene , and hydrocyanic acid .	30	Manufacturing
Iran possesses one of the largest missile inventories in the Middle East and has acquired complete missile systems and developed an infrastructure to build missiles indigenously .	14	Getting
Iran possesses one of the largest missile inventories in the Middle East and has acquired complete missile systems and developed an infrastructure to build missiles indigenously .	23	Building
Iran possesses one of the largest missile inventories in the Middle East and has acquired complete missile systems and developed an infrastructure to build missiles indigenously .	19	Cause_to_make_progress
It has purchased North Korean Scud - Bs , Scud - Cs , and Nodong ballistic missiles .	2	Commerce_buy
Meanwhile , Iran has also developed short - range artillery rockets and is producing the Scud - B and the Scud - C - - called the Shehab - 1 and Shehab - 2 , respectively .	13	Manufacturing
Meanwhile , Iran has also developed short - range artillery rockets and is producing the Scud - B and the Scud - C - - called the Shehab - 1 and Shehab - 2 , respectively .	5	Cause_to_make_progress
Iran recently flight - tested the 1 , 300 km - range Shehab - 3 , which is based on the North Korean Nodong .	4	Testing
There are conflicting reports about the development of even longer - ranged missiles , such as the Shehab - 4 and the Kosar intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) .	3	Statement
U . S . intelligence agencies assess that barring acquisition of a complete system or major subsystem from North Korea , Iran is unlikely to launch an ICBM or satellite launch vehicle ( SLV ) before mid - decade .	9	Getting
Iran has developed new missiles including the Ra ' ad and Kosar and continues to test its Nodong based , Shehab - 3 missile .	15	Testing
Iran has developed new missiles including the Ra ' ad and Kosar and continues to test its Nodong based , Shehab - 3 missile .	2	Cause_to_make_progress
On October 20 , 2004 , Iranian Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani confirmed the latest successful test of Iran ' s Shehab - 3 with a 2 , 000 - kilometer range in front of observers .	11	Statement
On October 20 , 2004 , Iranian Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani confirmed the latest successful test of Iran ' s Shehab - 3 with a 2 , 000 - kilometer range in front of observers .	15	Testing
Intelligence reports regarding Iran ' s expansion of capabilities and persistent interest in acquiring new technologies have led the United States to seek other options in dealing with Iran as a regional threat .	13	Getting
Intelligence reports regarding Iran ' s expansion of capabilities and persistent interest in acquiring new technologies have led the United States to seek other options in dealing with Iran as a regional threat .	17	Causation
Intelligence reports regarding Iran ' s expansion of capabilities and persistent interest in acquiring new technologies have led the United States to seek other options in dealing with Iran as a regional threat .	26	Resolve_problem
The deputy mayor of the town , Panayiotis Bitakos , told Skai TV that ` ` I call on all residents to follow the instructions of the police as to where they will go .	10	Statement
The deputy mayor of the town , Panayiotis Bitakos , told Skai TV that ` ` I call on all residents to follow the instructions of the police as to where they will go .	17	Request
Athens Prefect Yannis Sgouras told state NET TV that strong winds helped strengthen the fires , and caused extra difficulties for the firefighters trying to put out the blaze .	4	Statement
Athens Prefect Yannis Sgouras told state NET TV that strong winds helped strengthen the fires , and caused extra difficulties for the firefighters trying to put out the blaze .	11	Assistance
Athens Prefect Yannis Sgouras told state NET TV that strong winds helped strengthen the fires , and caused extra difficulties for the firefighters trying to put out the blaze .	17	Causation
Athens Prefect Yannis Sgouras told state NET TV that strong winds helped strengthen the fires , and caused extra difficulties for the firefighters trying to put out the blaze .	19	Confronting_problem
In a televised speech on NET , the fire department spokesman Ioannis Kapakis stated that ` ` the strength of the winds has increased and the situation remains particularly difficult . 	3	Communication
In a televised speech on NET , the fire department spokesman Ioannis Kapakis stated that ` ` the strength of the winds has increased and the situation remains particularly difficult . 	13	Statement
No casualties have yet been reported , and no official property damage tally has yet been made , although Greek media have estimated tens of homes to have been damaged .	5	Statement
No casualties have yet been reported , and no official property damage tally has yet been made , although Greek media have estimated tens of homes to have been damaged .	11	Damaging
No casualties have yet been reported , and no official property damage tally has yet been made , although Greek media have estimated tens of homes to have been damaged .	29	Damaging
Religious decrees were used to justify the assassination of Egyptian president Anwar Sadat .	3	Using
Religious decrees were used to justify the assassination of Egyptian president Anwar Sadat .	7	Killing
Islambouli , an Egyptian military officer and member of Al - Jihad Organization , assassinated President Anwar Sadat during a military parade in Cairo in October 1981 for signing a peace treaty with Israel .	14	Killing
Lt . Khaled Islambouli was the leader of the group of soldiers who assassinated Egyptian President Anwar Sadat in Cairo in 1981 .	13	Killing
Not surprisingly , there was a huge disparity in the number of publications from 1990 until 2000 , with the United States contributing the lion ' s share ( 84 . 2 % ) , followed by Canada ( 10 . 35 % ) .	22	Giving
Not surprisingly , there was a huge disparity in the number of publications from 1990 until 2000 , with the United States contributing the lion ' s share ( 84 . 2 % ) , followed by Canada ( 10 . 35 % ) .	4	Presence
A federal magistrate informed Pickett of the charges against him - - assaulting a federal officer with a deadly weapon , which carries a maximum 10 years in prison .	3	Telling
A federal magistrate informed Pickett of the charges against him - - assaulting a federal officer with a deadly weapon , which carries a maximum 10 years in prison .	18	Killing
Pickett , who was shot in the knee by the Secret Service after allegedly firing two shots outside the White House , used crutches to walk into the court .	25	Self_motion
Pickett , who was shot in the knee by the Secret Service after allegedly firing two shots outside the White House , used crutches to walk into the court .	22	Using
Does Iran have the infrastructure necessary to produce nuclear weapons ?	7	Manufacturing
However , the program has been restarted , possibly in reaction to the revelations about the scope of Iraq ' s nuclear weapons program .	10	Response
However , the program has been restarted , possibly in reaction to the revelations about the scope of Iraq ' s nuclear weapons program .	13	Reveal_secret
Nuclear Attempting to acquire fissile material for weapons development .	3	Getting
Chinese and Russian supply policies are key to Iran ' s success ; Russia has agreed to build power reactor .	3	Supply
Chinese and Russian supply policies are key to Iran ' s success ; Russia has agreed to build power reactor .	17	Building
Ratified the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty and signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .	0	Ratification
Ratified the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty and signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .	8	Sign_agreement
Ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention .	0	Ratification
Biological Possesses expertise and infrastructure to support biological warfare program .	8	Hostile_encounter
Seeks to produce longer range missiles ( 1 , 000 kilometers or more ) .	2	Manufacturing
Iran is trying to acquire fissile material to support development of nuclear weapons and has set up an elaborate system of military and civilian organizations to support its effort .	4	Getting
Iran is trying to acquire fissile material to support development of nuclear weapons and has set up an elaborate system of military and civilian organizations to support its effort .	15	Creating
Barring outright acquisition of a nuclear weapon from a foreign source , Iran could pursue several other avenues for weapon development .	2	Getting
Also , Iran could attempt to produce highly enriched uranium if it acquired the appropriate facilities for the front - end of the nuclear fuel cycle .	6	Manufacturing
Also , Iran could attempt to produce highly enriched uranium if it acquired the appropriate facilities for the front - end of the nuclear fuel cycle .	12	Getting
Chinese and Russian supply policies are key to whether Iran will successfully acquire the needed technology , expertise , and infrastructure to manufacture the fissile material for a weapon and the ability to fashion a usable device .	3	Supply
Chinese and Russian supply policies are key to whether Iran will successfully acquire the needed technology , expertise , and infrastructure to manufacture the fissile material for a weapon and the ability to fashion a usable device .	12	Getting
Chinese and Russian supply policies are key to whether Iran will successfully acquire the needed technology , expertise , and infrastructure to manufacture the fissile material for a weapon and the ability to fashion a usable device .	22	Manufacturing
Chinese and Russian supply policies are key to whether Iran will successfully acquire the needed technology , expertise , and infrastructure to manufacture the fissile material for a weapon and the ability to fashion a usable device .	33	Building
It used chemical agents to respond to Iraqi chemical attacks on several occasions during that war .	1	Using
It used chemical agents to respond to Iraqi chemical attacks on several occasions during that war .	5	Response
It used chemical agents to respond to Iraqi chemical attacks on several occasions during that war .	9	Attack
It used chemical agents to respond to Iraqi chemical attacks on several occasions during that war .	15	Hostile_encounter
Iran has a stockpile of these weapons , including artillery shells and bombs , which could be used in another conflict in the region .	17	Using
Iran has a stockpile of these weapons , including artillery shells and bombs , which could be used in another conflict in the region .	20	Hostile_encounter
Therefore , Chinese supply policies will be key to whether Tehran attains its long - term goal of independent production for these weapons .	3	Supply
Therefore , Chinese supply policies will be key to whether Tehran attains its long - term goal of independent production for these weapons .	19	Manufacturing
Iran ' s biological warfare program began during the Iran - Iraq war .	4	Hostile_encounter
Iran ' s biological warfare program began during the Iran - Iraq war .	12	Hostile_encounter
Iran ' s biological warfare program began during the Iran - Iraq war .	6	Process_start
The inspection team learned that Iran has the capability to build more centrifuges .	3	Know
The inspection team learned that Iran has the capability to build more centrifuges .	10	Building
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	15	Manufacturing
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	5	Placing
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	19	Scrutiny
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	39	Scrutiny
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	48	Creating
This means that Iran will place the Natanz facility , and any enriched uranium it produces , under IAEA inspection but that , as long as no nuclear materials are present , the IAEA would have no ability to examine locations in Iran where it believed nuclear weapons design research might be under way .	49	Research
Iran responded by strenuously denying the charges , but also maintained that it reserved the right to possess nuclear weapons to counter Israel ' s weaponry .	1	Response
Iran responded by strenuously denying the charges , but also maintained that it reserved the right to possess nuclear weapons to counter Israel ' s weaponry .	10	Statement
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U . S . government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .	10	Ratification
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U . S . government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .	31	Process_start
Although Iran acceded to the Geneva Protocol in 1929 and ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1973 , the U . S . government believes Iran began biological weapon efforts in the early to mid - 1980s , and that it continues to pursue an offensive biological weapon program linked to its civilian biotechnology activities .	59	Action
Iran strongly denies acquiring or producing biological weapons .	3	Getting
Iran strongly denies acquiring or producing biological weapons .	5	Manufacturing
According to U . S . government estimates , Iran can produce 1 , 000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .	11	Manufacturing
Iran strongly denies acquiring or producing chemical weapons .	3	Getting
Iran strongly denies acquiring or producing chemical weapons .	5	Manufacturing
Missile Iran possesses one of the largest missile inventories in the Middle East and has acquired complete missile systems and developed an infrastructure to build missiles indigenously .	15	Getting
Missile Iran possesses one of the largest missile inventories in the Middle East and has acquired complete missile systems and developed an infrastructure to build missiles indigenously .	24	Building
US officials confirmed that they have evidence that Iran intends to acquire nuclear weapons .	2	Statement
US officials confirmed that they have evidence that Iran intends to acquire nuclear weapons .	11	Getting
In October 1991 , the Iranian vice president said that if Israel kept its atomic bombs then Muslims should collectively develop their own .	8	Statement
In October 1991 , the Iranian vice president said that if Israel kept its atomic bombs then Muslims should collectively develop their own .	20	Cause_to_make_progress
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .	23	Supply
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .	25	Statement
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .	26	Departing
Many Iranian scientists familiar with uranium enrichment and plutonium manufacturing have returned to Iran after initially fleeing the Khomeini regime .	9	Manufacturing
Many Iranian scientists familiar with uranium enrichment and plutonium manufacturing have returned to Iran after initially fleeing the Khomeini regime .	11	Arriving
These hot cells came in combination with a 5 MW research reactor the US sold Iran at the same time .	14	Commerce_sell
These hot cells came in combination with a 5 MW research reactor the US sold Iran at the same time .	10	Research
In 1974 , the Shah bought shares in Eurodif in accordance with a nuclear cooperation agreement with France .	5	Commerce_buy
In 1974 , the Shah bought shares in Eurodif in accordance with a nuclear cooperation agreement with France .	14	Collaboration
From 1980 to 1990 Iran refused to pay for ar accept delivery of uranium enriched to 3 % U - 235 processed by Eurodif .	7	Commerce_pay
From 1980 to 1990 Iran refused to pay for ar accept delivery of uranium enriched to 3 % U - 235 processed by Eurodif .	11	Sending
From 1980 to 1990 Iran refused to pay for ar accept delivery of uranium enriched to 3 % U - 235 processed by Eurodif .	10	Receiving
Last year , Iran began requesting supplies of enriched uranium from France and Eurodif .	4	Process_start
Last year , Iran began requesting supplies of enriched uranium from France and Eurodif .	5	Request
An Iranian - Eurodif contract for the supply of enriched uranium expired in 1990 .	7	Supply
The French government said it would not allow transfer of enriched uranium to Iran from the French plant .	3	Statement
The French government said it would not allow transfer of enriched uranium to Iran from the French plant .	7	Preventing_or_letting
The French government said it would not allow transfer of enriched uranium to Iran from the French plant .	8	Sending
Following the Gulf War , US media reported that PRC had supplied Iran with a calutron .	7	Statement
Following the Gulf War , US media reported that PRC had supplied Iran with a calutron .	11	Supply
The PRC supplied the calutron with a 27 KW reactor for the Isfahan site .	2	Supply
Iranian agents are believed to be actively seeking deals to procure critical technologies .	10	Getting
Iran may have approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium it purchased from South Africa in the late 1980s .	11	Commerce_buy
Iran may have approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium it purchased from South Africa in the late 1980s .	6	Assistance
At the same time , Iraqi officials were claiming Pakistan was helping Iran develop atomic weapons .	8	Statement
At the same time , Iraqi officials were claiming Pakistan was helping Iran develop atomic weapons .	11	Assistance
At the same time , Iraqi officials were claiming Pakistan was helping Iran develop atomic weapons .	13	Cause_to_make_progress
Pakistan denied the claims , and was reported to have rejected an Iranian offer to Pakistani former army chief of staff Mirza Aslam Beg to purchase weapons technology .	3	Statement
Pakistan denied the claims , and was reported to have rejected an Iranian offer to Pakistani former army chief of staff Mirza Aslam Beg to purchase weapons technology .	7	Statement
Pakistan denied the claims , and was reported to have rejected an Iranian offer to Pakistani former army chief of staff Mirza Aslam Beg to purchase weapons technology .	25	Commerce_buy
A Belgian newspaper claims that Belgium has provided nuclear - related training to Iranians . ( 2455 ) .	3	Statement
A Belgian newspaper claims that Belgium has provided nuclear - related training to Iranians . ( 2455 ) .	7	Supply
A Belgian newspaper claims that Belgium has provided nuclear - related training to Iranians . ( 2455 ) .	11	Education_teaching
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .	2	Supply
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .	11	Statement
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .	15	Using
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .	17	Manufacturing
Training will also be provided ( 2223 , 2239 , 2338 ) .	0	Education_teaching
Argentina halts talks on completion of the project ( 2696 ) .	2	Communication
Argentina halts talks on completion of the project ( 2696 ) .	1	Process_end
Argentina ' s president approves negotiations between Argentina and Iran on nuclear supply contracts .	5	Communication
Argentina ' s president approves negotiations between Argentina and Iran on nuclear supply contracts .	12	Supply
It is reported an Argentina - Spanish - German holding company will bid on Bushehr , but that its involvement will go beyond Bushehr . ( 1911 ) .	2	Statement
It is reported an Argentina - Spanish - German holding company will bid on Bushehr , but that its involvement will go beyond Bushehr . ( 1911 ) .	19	Participation
Reports indicate that Iran has approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium imported from South Africa in the late 1980 ' s . Rumors that Pakistan is helping Iran develop nuclear weapons persist ( 7198 ) .	1	Communication
Reports indicate that Iran has approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium imported from South Africa in the late 1980 ' s . Rumors that Pakistan is helping Iran develop nuclear weapons persist ( 7198 ) .	27	Assistance
Reports indicate that Iran has approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium imported from South Africa in the late 1980 ' s . Rumors that Pakistan is helping Iran develop nuclear weapons persist ( 7198 ) .	8	Assistance
Reports indicate that Iran has approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium imported from South Africa in the late 1980 ' s . Rumors that Pakistan is helping Iran develop nuclear weapons persist ( 7198 ) .	29	Cause_to_make_progress
The head of Pakistan ' s uranium enrichment program begins to hold talks with officials at the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran ( 6003 ) .	9	Process_start
The head of Pakistan ' s uranium enrichment program begins to hold talks with officials at the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran ( 6003 ) .	12	Communication
Argentina helps service an Iranian nuclear power plant ( 7148 ) .	1	Assistance
Argentine exports to Iran are called politically dangerous ( 2879 ) .	5	Labeling
The Observer ( UK ) says that Pakistan and Iran have signed a cooperation agreement under which Iranian engineers will be trained in Pakistan .	5	Statement
The Observer ( UK ) says that Pakistan and Iran have signed a cooperation agreement under which Iranian engineers will be trained in Pakistan .	11	Sign_agreement
The Observer ( UK ) says that Pakistan and Iran have signed a cooperation agreement under which Iranian engineers will be trained in Pakistan .	13	Collaboration
The Observer ( UK ) says that Pakistan and Iran have signed a cooperation agreement under which Iranian engineers will be trained in Pakistan .	21	Education_teaching
M . A . Khan of Pakistan and Reza Amrollahi of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran are said to have signed the pact ; however , both Pakistan and Iran deny its existence .	21	Sign_agreement
M . A . Khan of Pakistan and Reza Amrollahi of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran are said to have signed the pact ; however , both Pakistan and Iran deny its existence .	18	Statement
M . A . Khan of Pakistan and Reza Amrollahi of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran are said to have signed the pact ; however , both Pakistan and Iran deny its existence .	33	Presence
Corporation of the US withdraws the request it had made for a license to export components to India for the Tarapur System .	6	Request
Iran was seeking fuel - fabrication technology due to previous supply problems with the safeguarded low enriched uranium fuel shipped from Argentina ( under a previous contract ) for a research reactor supplied by the US in 1967 .	10	Supply
Iran was seeking fuel - fabrication technology due to previous supply problems with the safeguarded low enriched uranium fuel shipped from Argentina ( under a previous contract ) for a research reactor supplied by the US in 1967 .	32	Supply
Iran was seeking fuel - fabrication technology due to previous supply problems with the safeguarded low enriched uranium fuel shipped from Argentina ( under a previous contract ) for a research reactor supplied by the US in 1967 .	19	Sending
Iran was seeking fuel - fabrication technology due to previous supply problems with the safeguarded low enriched uranium fuel shipped from Argentina ( under a previous contract ) for a research reactor supplied by the US in 1967 .	30	Research
Iran was seeking fuel - fabrication technology due to previous supply problems with the safeguarded low enriched uranium fuel shipped from Argentina ( under a previous contract ) for a research reactor supplied by the US in 1967 .	5	Manufacturing
Argentina has blocked the equipment sale because of US pressure but has not formally informed Iran that INVAP will not be permitted to supply the facilities .	5	Commerce_sell
Argentina has blocked the equipment sale because of US pressure but has not formally informed Iran that INVAP will not be permitted to supply the facilities .	9	Convincing
Argentina has blocked the equipment sale because of US pressure but has not formally informed Iran that INVAP will not be permitted to supply the facilities .	14	Telling
Argentina has blocked the equipment sale because of US pressure but has not formally informed Iran that INVAP will not be permitted to supply the facilities .	23	Supply
It is reported that a German subsidiary of a US firm may have sold laser enrichment equipment to Iran .	2	Statement
It is reported that a German subsidiary of a US firm may have sold laser enrichment equipment to Iran .	13	Commerce_sell
An Armenian official states that Armenia will send scientists , including specialists in nuclear physics who have been involved in the defense industry , to Iran in exchange for oil .	3	Statement
An Armenian official states that Armenia will send scientists , including specialists in nuclear physics who have been involved in the defense industry , to Iran in exchange for oil .	7	Sending
An Armenian official states that Armenia will send scientists , including specialists in nuclear physics who have been involved in the defense industry , to Iran in exchange for oil .	18	Participation
An Armenian official states that Armenia will send scientists , including specialists in nuclear physics who have been involved in the defense industry , to Iran in exchange for oil .	21	Defending
An agreement is to be signed in late 10 / 92 .	5	Sign_agreement
A routine safeguards inspection of Iran ' s nuclear program is scheduled for 10 / 92 .	3	Scrutiny
What foreign assistance has Iran received to help it produce nuclear weapons ?	5	Receiving
What foreign assistance has Iran received to help it produce nuclear weapons ?	2	Assistance
What foreign assistance has Iran received to help it produce nuclear weapons ?	7	Assistance
What foreign assistance has Iran received to help it produce nuclear weapons ?	9	Manufacturing
Diplomats from the US and Iran have informally discussed some form of nuclear rapprochement . ( 6930 ) .	8	Communication
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know - how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .	4	Supply
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know - how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .	25	Manufacturing
Argentina is selling hot cells to Iran .	2	Commerce_sell
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .	3	Receiving
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .	8	Assistance
Argentina reportedly remains interested in helping Iran complete construction on the two reactors at Bushehr ( 6930 ) .	5	Assistance
Argentina reportedly remains interested in helping Iran complete construction on the two reactors at Bushehr ( 6930 ) .	8	Building
Iran brings a multi - billion dollar lawsuit against the German government for preventing Siemens from completing the two reactors at Bushehr ( 6930 ) .	13	Preventing_or_letting
Reports state that Iran has received nuclear weapons technology from Brazil and India ( 7401 ) .	1	Statement
Reports state that Iran has received nuclear weapons technology from Brazil and India ( 7401 ) .	0	Statement
Reports state that Iran has received nuclear weapons technology from Brazil and India ( 7401 ) .	5	Receiving
Pakistani deputy Prime Minister Hhosayn Haqani denies reports of an Iranian - Pakistani cooperation agreement on nuclear technology .	7	Statement
Pakistani deputy Prime Minister Hhosayn Haqani denies reports of an Iranian - Pakistani cooperation agreement on nuclear technology .	13	Collaboration
On 1 / 2 , the Tajikistan parliament acknowedges that negotiations are underway with Iranian representatives for the sale of enriched uranium and uranium production technology .	10	Communication
On 1 / 2 , the Tajikistan parliament acknowedges that negotiations are underway with Iranian representatives for the sale of enriched uranium and uranium production technology .	18	Commerce_sell
On 1 / 2 , the Tajikistan parliament acknowedges that negotiations are underway with Iranian representatives for the sale of enriched uranium and uranium production technology .	24	Manufacturing
Joint uranium production and enrichment efforts between Tajikistan and Iran are being considered ( 7198 , 7466 ) .	2	Manufacturing
Syria and Iran sign a nuclear pact , under which Iran agrees to provide Syria with a nuclear umbrella in the case of an Israeli attack ( Timmerman , 53 ) .	3	Sign_agreement
Syria and Iran sign a nuclear pact , under which Iran agrees to provide Syria with a nuclear umbrella in the case of an Israeli attack ( Timmerman , 53 ) .	25	Attack
The PRC confirms that it has sold an electromagnetic separator and a mini - reactor to Iran .	2	Statement
The PRC confirms that it has sold an electromagnetic separator and a mini - reactor to Iran .	6	Commerce_sell
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .	10	Supply
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .	18	Supply
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .	29	Statement
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .	36	Sending
These and other nuclear technology transfers were reportedly made under a cooperation agreement signed in the mid - 1980s .	5	Sending
These and other nuclear technology transfers were reportedly made under a cooperation agreement signed in the mid - 1980s .	13	Sign_agreement
These and other nuclear technology transfers were reportedly made under a cooperation agreement signed in the mid - 1980s .	11	Collaboration
IAEA Director General Hans Blix says he has no cause for concern regarding Iran ' s attempts to acquire nuclear technology ( 6906 ) .	5	Statement
IAEA Director General Hans Blix says he has no cause for concern regarding Iran ' s attempts to acquire nuclear technology ( 6906 ) .	18	Getting
However , the IAEA may begin implementing special inspections for problem nations , with Iran as a possible test case ( 6925 ) .	8	Scrutiny
However , the IAEA may begin implementing special inspections for problem nations , with Iran as a possible test case ( 6925 ) .	5	Process_start
The PRC withdraws its offer to sell Iran a nuclear reactor ( 6899 ) .	2	Removing
The PRC withdraws its offer to sell Iran a nuclear reactor ( 6899 ) .	6	Commerce_sell
The US administration calls for a total embargo on nuclear technology to Iran , and urges other nuclear suppliers , including the PRC , to take similar action ( 6847 ) .	15	Convincing
The US administration calls for a total embargo on nuclear technology to Iran , and urges other nuclear suppliers , including the PRC , to take similar action ( 6847 ) .	18	Supply
The US administration calls for a total embargo on nuclear technology to Iran , and urges other nuclear suppliers , including the PRC , to take similar action ( 6847 ) .	27	Action
These reports are termed speculative by a nuclear industry journal ( 7198 ) .	1	Statement
These reports are termed speculative by a nuclear industry journal ( 7198 ) .	3	Labeling
Diplomats from the US and Iran have informally discussed some form of nuclear rapprochement . ( 6930 ) .	8	Communication
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .	9	Commerce_buy
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know - how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .	4	Supply
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know - how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .	25	Manufacturing
The final settlement on the Eurodif dispute is reached , and reports persist of a secret clause allowing Iran to purchase French uranium ( Timmerman , 51 ) . ( 7401 ) .	6	Quarreling
The final settlement on the Eurodif dispute is reached , and reports persist of a secret clause allowing Iran to purchase French uranium ( Timmerman , 51 ) . ( 7401 ) .	11	Statement
The final settlement on the Eurodif dispute is reached , and reports persist of a secret clause allowing Iran to purchase French uranium ( Timmerman , 51 ) . ( 7401 ) .	17	Preventing_or_letting
The final settlement on the Eurodif dispute is reached , and reports persist of a secret clause allowing Iran to purchase French uranium ( Timmerman , 51 ) . ( 7401 ) .	20	Commerce_buy
Argentina reportedly remains interested in helping Iran complete construction on the two reactors at Bushehr ( 6930 ) .	5	Assistance
Argentina reportedly remains interested in helping Iran complete construction on the two reactors at Bushehr ( 6930 ) .	8	Building
Iran brings a multi - billion dollar lawsuit against the German government for preventing Siemens from completing the two reactors at Bushehr ( 6930 ) .	13	Preventing_or_letting
Reports that President Nursultan Nazarbayev had travelled twice to Iran are also dismissed .	0	Statement
Reports that President Nursultan Nazarbayev had travelled twice to Iran are also dismissed .	6	Traveling
On 1 / 31 , the Iranian deputy Foreign Minister for EuroAmerican Affairs rejects claims Iran had purchased nuclear weapons ( 7162 ) .	14	Statement
On 1 / 31 , the Iranian deputy Foreign Minister for EuroAmerican Affairs rejects claims Iran had purchased nuclear weapons ( 7162 ) .	17	Commerce_buy
Reports say Iran and North Korea have been making secret weapons deals and have been attempting to expand nuclear research cooperation programs .	1	Statement
Reports say Iran and North Korea have been making secret weapons deals and have been attempting to expand nuclear research cooperation programs .	0	Statement
Reports say Iran and North Korea have been making secret weapons deals and have been attempting to expand nuclear research cooperation programs .	20	Collaboration
Reports say Iran and North Korea have been making secret weapons deals and have been attempting to expand nuclear research cooperation programs .	19	Research
Soviet scientists are offered up to $ 20 , 000 per month to work on Iran ' s nuclear program ( 7325 ) .	13	Employment
Scientists are reported to be in Iran as of 2 / 92 .	2	Statement
US Assistant Secretary for Interamerican Affairs , Bernard Aronson , urges Argentine Foreign Minister Guido di Tella to cancel a sale of dual - use technology to Iran .	10	Convincing
US Assistant Secretary for Interamerican Affairs , Bernard Aronson , urges Argentine Foreign Minister Guido di Tella to cancel a sale of dual - use technology to Iran .	20	Commerce_sell
The Argentine firm Investigaciones Aplicadas ( INVAP ) had proposed to sell Iran machine tools , tubing and other equipment , including nuclear reactor material , that could have been used in a nuclear weapons program .	9	Statement
The Argentine firm Investigaciones Aplicadas ( INVAP ) had proposed to sell Iran machine tools , tubing and other equipment , including nuclear reactor material , that could have been used in a nuclear weapons program .	11	Commerce_sell
The Argentine firm Investigaciones Aplicadas ( INVAP ) had proposed to sell Iran machine tools , tubing and other equipment , including nuclear reactor material , that could have been used in a nuclear weapons program .	30	Using
Initially , the Argentine government said the sale could go through if Iran signed a safeguards agreement with the IAEA within forty days .	5	Statement
Initially , the Argentine government said the sale could go through if Iran signed a safeguards agreement with the IAEA within forty days .	7	Commerce_sell
Initially , the Argentine government said the sale could go through if Iran signed a safeguards agreement with the IAEA within forty days .	13	Sign_agreement
Maintenance and expansion of Sino - Iranian relations naturally constitutes an important component of Chinese strategy in extending its influence to the region .	2	Expansion
Maintenance and expansion of Sino - Iranian relations naturally constitutes an important component of Chinese strategy in extending its influence to the region .	19	Influence
China wants to maintain and improve its relationship with Iran , especially when there is no persuasive evidence that Iran has used these programs for nuclear weapons development .	14	Presence
China wants to maintain and improve its relationship with Iran , especially when there is no persuasive evidence that Iran has used these programs for nuclear weapons development .	21	Using
Related to the different perspectives on Iran , there are also disagreement between the US and China on nuclear transfers and nuclear nonproliferation .	9	Presence
Related to the different perspectives on Iran , there are also disagreement between the US and China on nuclear transfers and nuclear nonproliferation .	11	Quarreling
Related to the different perspectives on Iran , there are also disagreement between the US and China on nuclear transfers and nuclear nonproliferation .	19	Sending
In addition , since all known Iranian nuclear facilities are under IAEA monitoring , Beijing views US demands that China suspend all its nuclear cooperation programs with Iran as unreasonable and contrary to Article IV of the NPT .	17	Request
In addition , since all known Iranian nuclear facilities are under IAEA monitoring , Beijing views US demands that China suspend all its nuclear cooperation programs with Iran as unreasonable and contrary to Article IV of the NPT .	24	Collaboration
However , the US is concerned with the indirect assistance Iran could receive and is concerned that it is probably covertly seeking the construction of uranium conversion and enrichment facilities , other technical know - how , and technicians .	9	Assistance
However , the US is concerned with the indirect assistance Iran could receive and is concerned that it is probably covertly seeking the construction of uranium conversion and enrichment facilities , other technical know - how , and technicians .	12	Receiving
However , the US is concerned with the indirect assistance Iran could receive and is concerned that it is probably covertly seeking the construction of uranium conversion and enrichment facilities , other technical know - how , and technicians .	23	Building
However , the US is concerned with the indirect assistance Iran could receive and is concerned that it is probably covertly seeking the construction of uranium conversion and enrichment facilities , other technical know - how , and technicians .	26	Change
While China continues to adhere to its pledge to end all nuclear cooperation with Iran , recent media reports citing intelligence sources reveal some continued Sino - Iranian nuclear cooperation activities .	7	Commitment
While China continues to adhere to its pledge to end all nuclear cooperation with Iran , recent media reports citing intelligence sources reveal some continued Sino - Iranian nuclear cooperation activities .	12	Collaboration
While China continues to adhere to its pledge to end all nuclear cooperation with Iran , recent media reports citing intelligence sources reveal some continued Sino - Iranian nuclear cooperation activities .	9	Process_end
While China continues to adhere to its pledge to end all nuclear cooperation with Iran , recent media reports citing intelligence sources reveal some continued Sino - Iranian nuclear cooperation activities .	18	Statement
While China continues to adhere to its pledge to end all nuclear cooperation with Iran , recent media reports citing intelligence sources reveal some continued Sino - Iranian nuclear cooperation activities .	22	Reveal_secret
While China continues to adhere to its pledge to end all nuclear cooperation with Iran , recent media reports citing intelligence sources reveal some continued Sino - Iranian nuclear cooperation activities .	30	Action
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .	6	Communication
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .	9	Building
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .	13	Manufacturing
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .	18	Supply
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .	26	Sending
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .	37	Using
The US is concerned that Iran may have or acquire an unsafeguarded enrichment facility for which it might get parts from Eastern Europe ( PPNN , International Herald Tribune , 1 / 28 / 91 ) .	9	Getting
The US is concerned that Iran may have or acquire an unsafeguarded enrichment facility for which it might get parts from Eastern Europe ( PPNN , International Herald Tribune , 1 / 28 / 91 ) .	18	Getting
Germany says it will deny requests from Siemens and from Iran to approve export licenses for components for the Bushehr reactors in Iran ( 5948 , 5584 , 6003 ) .	1	Statement
Germany says it will deny requests from Siemens and from Iran to approve export licenses for components for the Bushehr reactors in Iran ( 5948 , 5584 , 6003 ) .	5	Request
The Atomic Energy Organization of Iran negotiates to purchase nuclear technology or expertise from India , following a 2 / 1 / 91 announcement by the Indian Atomic Energy Commission that India will seek to export its nuclear technology . ( 5511 , 5883 ) .	8	Commerce_buy
The Atomic Energy Organization of Iran negotiates to purchase nuclear technology or expertise from India , following a 2 / 1 / 91 announcement by the Indian Atomic Energy Commission that India will seek to export its nuclear technology . ( 5511 , 5883 ) .	6	Communication
The Atomic Energy Organization of Iran negotiates to purchase nuclear technology or expertise from India , following a 2 / 1 / 91 announcement by the Indian Atomic Energy Commission that India will seek to export its nuclear technology . ( 5511 , 5883 ) .	23	Statement
Iran ' s foreign minister requests West Germany to authorize shipment of components for two nuclear reactors in Iran ( 5881 ) .	5	Request
Pakistan is aiding Iran in the development of a nuclear bomb , according to a US nonproliferation specialist ( 5880 ) .	2	Assistance
Iran ' s First Vice President said on 7 / 1 / 91 that Iran and Germany have a valid contract for Bushehr ' s construction .	6	Statement
Iran ' s First Vice President said on 7 / 1 / 91 that Iran and Germany have a valid contract for Bushehr ' s construction .	25	Building
Germany has paid 300 million DM for parts not delivered , but Iran may seek 5 billion DM ( 6573 , 6576 , 6581 , 6930 ) .	2	Commerce_pay
Germany has paid 300 million DM for parts not delivered , but Iran may seek 5 billion DM ( 6573 , 6576 , 6581 , 6930 ) .	9	Sending
Says Nuclear Projects With Iran on Hold , Inside China Today , 22 October 1997 .	0	Statement
For that reason , we have continuously opposed nuclear cooperation by all countries with Iran , even to safeguarded nuclear programs that are permitted under the IAEA , such as the one with which China has been involved .	9	Collaboration
For that reason , we have continuously opposed nuclear cooperation by all countries with Iran , even to safeguarded nuclear programs that are permitted under the IAEA , such as the one with which China has been involved .	37	Participation
During these negotiations with the Chinese , we have made substantial progress towards meeting the standard that I have described - - clear and unequivocal assurances - - but we ' re not there yet .	2	Communication
During these negotiations with the Chinese , we have made substantial progress towards meeting the standard that I have described - - clear and unequivocal assurances - - but we ' re not there yet .	25	Telling
Einhorn also said that China had provided Iran with a blueprint to build the facility .	2	Statement
Einhorn also said that China had provided Iran with a blueprint to build the facility .	6	Supply
Einhorn also said that China had provided Iran with a blueprint to build the facility .	12	Building
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu stated that Chinese Vice Premier Li Lanqing pledged to him that China would not sell nuclear reactors to Iran during a stop - over by Netanyahu in Beijing en route to Japan .	5	Statement
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu stated that Chinese Vice Premier Li Lanqing pledged to him that China would not sell nuclear reactors to Iran during a stop - over by Netanyahu in Beijing en route to Japan .	12	Commitment
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu stated that Chinese Vice Premier Li Lanqing pledged to him that China would not sell nuclear reactors to Iran during a stop - over by Netanyahu in Beijing en route to Japan .	19	Commerce_sell
Netanyahu stated : I was told that China . . . reached an important decision not to provide the means for building an atomic reactor which Iran asked China to supply . . . We welcome this as something that is very important and hope it will serve as a guiding light to other countries in their contacts with Iran .	1	Statement
Netanyahu stated : I was told that China . . . reached an important decision not to provide the means for building an atomic reactor which Iran asked China to supply . . . We welcome this as something that is very important and hope it will serve as a guiding light to other countries in their contacts with Iran .	5	Telling
Netanyahu stated : I was told that China . . . reached an important decision not to provide the means for building an atomic reactor which Iran asked China to supply . . . We welcome this as something that is very important and hope it will serve as a guiding light to other countries in their contacts with Iran .	14	Deciding
Netanyahu stated : I was told that China . . . reached an important decision not to provide the means for building an atomic reactor which Iran asked China to supply . . . We welcome this as something that is very important and hope it will serve as a guiding light to other countries in their contacts with Iran .	17	Supply
Netanyahu stated : I was told that China . . . reached an important decision not to provide the means for building an atomic reactor which Iran asked China to supply . . . We welcome this as something that is very important and hope it will serve as a guiding light to other countries in their contacts with Iran .	30	Supply
Netanyahu stated : I was told that China . . . reached an important decision not to provide the means for building an atomic reactor which Iran asked China to supply . . . We welcome this as something that is very important and hope it will serve as a guiding light to other countries in their contacts with Iran .	21	Building
Netanyahu stated : I was told that China . . . reached an important decision not to provide the means for building an atomic reactor which Iran asked China to supply . . . We welcome this as something that is very important and hope it will serve as a guiding light to other countries in their contacts with Iran .	27	Request
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	1	Statement
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	77	Statement
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	5	Telling
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	80	Telling
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	16	Building
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	31	Commitment
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	41	Deciding
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	43	Preventing_or_letting
Netanyahu stated that Li had assured him that China has cancelled out on proposed plans to build an atomic reactor for Iran . . . One would hope that the specific pledge that I received in Beijing reflects a general Chinese decision to prevent the arming of Iran . [ World Journal ( in Chinese ) , 25 August 1997 ; Israeli PM Lauds China For Cancelling Iran Reactor , Reuter , 26 August 1997 ; Netanyahu Says Received China Assurances On Iran , Reuter , 24 August 1997 . ]	63	Judgment_communication
As of this date , China had not informed Iran that it had canceled its sale of a uranium conversion facility to Iran .	8	Telling
As of this date , China had not informed Iran that it had canceled its sale of a uranium conversion facility to Iran .	15	Commerce_sell
As of this date , China had not informed Iran that it had canceled its sale of a uranium conversion facility to Iran .	19	Change
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth - oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .	18	Request
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth - oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .	21	Motion
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high - water mark of far - left opposition .	16	Change_of_leadership
Mr . Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers .	16	Judgment_communication
Mr . Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers .	26	Becoming
Mr . Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers .	33	Motion
Mr . Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers .	30	Agree_or_refuse_to_act
Mr . Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers .	37	Control
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free - market accomplishments .	1	Response
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free - market accomplishments .	16	Achieve
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free - market accomplishments .	11	Adducing
They are very considerable : Since 1986 , when Spain joined the European Community , its gross domestic product has grown at an annual average of 4 . 6 % - - the fastest in the EC .	10	Becoming_a_member
Net foreign investment through August this year has been running at a pace of $ 12 . 5 billion , about double the year - earlier rate .	9	Self_motion
Mr . Gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming Spain ' s NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U . S .	10	Statement
Mr . Gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming Spain ' s NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U . S .	15	Commitment
Mr . Gonzalez is not quite a closet supply - side revolutionary , however .	11	Change_of_leadership
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	12	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	16	Cause_to_amalgamate
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	3	Motion
Now he can go further .	3	Motion
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years .	12	Causation
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years .	2	Action
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years .	5	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years .	9	Sending
The voters delivered Mr . Gonzalez a third mandate for his successes .	2	Sending
During the three decades after the establishment of the DPRK ( in 1947 ) , the North Korean CW program had uneven success in obtaining and weaponizing CW agents .	6	Creating
During the three decades after the establishment of the DPRK ( in 1947 ) , the North Korean CW program had uneven success in obtaining and weaponizing CW agents .	24	Getting
However , it would appear that over the last 20 years , the DPRK has increased its capacity not only in CW agent production but also the development and deployment of a variety of chemical delivery systems .	15	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
However , it would appear that over the last 20 years , the DPRK has increased its capacity not only in CW agent production but also the development and deployment of a variety of chemical delivery systems .	23	Manufacturing
However , it would appear that over the last 20 years , the DPRK has increased its capacity not only in CW agent production but also the development and deployment of a variety of chemical delivery systems .	29	Arranging
Despite North Korea ' s moribund economy and some hints of softening rhetoric from its leadership , the quantity and quality of new artillery placed near the Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) have actually increased in the last several years .	24	Placing
Many of these artillery platforms , including multiple launch rocket systems ( MLRS ) of up to 320 mm , are forwardly deployed near the DMZ .	22	Arranging
This deployment represents a significant threat to heavily populated Seoul , as well as to the entire peninsula in the event of a southward invasion by the Korean People ' s Army ( KPA ) .	1	Arranging
It noted the utility of forcing the enemy to ` ` suit up ' ' in preparation for real or imagined use of chemical agents , for doing so would degrade the fighting ability of enemy forces .	5	Motion
It noted the utility of forcing the enemy to ` ` suit up ' ' in preparation for real or imagined use of chemical agents , for doing so would degrade the fighting ability of enemy forces .	18	Presence
It noted the utility of forcing the enemy to ` ` suit up ' ' in preparation for real or imagined use of chemical agents , for doing so would degrade the fighting ability of enemy forces .	21	Using
Kim Il Sung ' s ` ` Declaration for Chemicalization ' ' in 1961 called for the further development of a chemical industry to support chemical weapons production , and the basic organization of the current Nuclear and Chemical Defense Bureau ( NCDB ) was also established during this time .	14	Request
Kim Il Sung ' s ` ` Declaration for Chemicalization ' ' in 1961 called for the further development of a chemical industry to support chemical weapons production , and the basic organization of the current Nuclear and Chemical Defense Bureau ( NCDB ) was also established during this time .	27	Manufacturing
Kim Il Sung ' s ` ` Declaration for Chemicalization ' ' in 1961 called for the further development of a chemical industry to support chemical weapons production , and the basic organization of the current Nuclear and Chemical Defense Bureau ( NCDB ) was also established during this time .	46	Creating
In 1966 , for reasons that are unclear , the DPRK later turned to the Soviets for assistance in CW , mostly in the form of training manuals and small quantities of nerve and mustard agents .	17	Assistance
In 1966 , for reasons that are unclear , the DPRK later turned to the Soviets for assistance in CW , mostly in the form of training manuals and small quantities of nerve and mustard agents .	26	Education_teaching
Following this period of Soviet - led assistance , North Korea made substantive gains in the area of chemical warfare .	7	Assistance
Following this period of Soviet - led assistance , North Korea made substantive gains in the area of chemical warfare .	13	Cause_to_make_progress
Following this period of Soviet - led assistance , North Korea made substantive gains in the area of chemical warfare .	19	Hostile_encounter
Still , the U . S . Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .	23	Defending
Still , the U . S . Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .	29	Know
Still , the U . S . Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .	43	Action
Still , the U . S . Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .	34	Attack
In January 1987 , the South Korean defense ministry told the South Korean press that the DPRK possessed up to 250 tons of chemical weapons , including blister ( mustard ) and nerve agents .	7	Defending
In January 1987 , the South Korean defense ministry told the South Korean press that the DPRK possessed up to 250 tons of chemical weapons , including blister ( mustard ) and nerve agents .	9	Telling
Recent estimates of North Korean chemical ordnance by the South Korean Ministry of National Defense ( MND ) have since been raised to the thousands of tons , probably based on recent information provided by North Korean defectors , including former members of DPRK military and NBC defence organizations .	47	Defending
Recent estimates of North Korean chemical ordnance by the South Korean Ministry of National Defense ( MND ) have since been raised to the thousands of tons , probably based on recent information provided by North Korean defectors , including former members of DPRK military and NBC defence organizations .	33	Supply
An unknown portion of CW agents are stored in bulk , but a significant portion is reported to be filled into artillery shells and rocket warheads .	16	Statement
Due to challenges posed by a limited source of indigenously produced precursors for CW agents , it is believed that North Korea emphasizes production of phosgene , mustard , sarin , and V - agents . ( Previous reports have also alleged a large stock of sarin nerve agent . ) In 2001 , it was estimated that there are 12 facilities in the DPRK where raw chemicals , precursors , and CW agents are produced and / or stored .	2	Confronting_problem
Due to challenges posed by a limited source of indigenously produced precursors for CW agents , it is believed that North Korea emphasizes production of phosgene , mustard , sarin , and V - agents . ( Previous reports have also alleged a large stock of sarin nerve agent . ) In 2001 , it was estimated that there are 12 facilities in the DPRK where raw chemicals , precursors , and CW agents are produced and / or stored .	10	Manufacturing
Due to challenges posed by a limited source of indigenously produced precursors for CW agents , it is believed that North Korea emphasizes production of phosgene , mustard , sarin , and V - agents . ( Previous reports have also alleged a large stock of sarin nerve agent . ) In 2001 , it was estimated that there are 12 facilities in the DPRK where raw chemicals , precursors , and CW agents are produced and / or stored .	23	Manufacturing
Due to challenges posed by a limited source of indigenously produced precursors for CW agents , it is believed that North Korea emphasizes production of phosgene , mustard , sarin , and V - agents . ( Previous reports have also alleged a large stock of sarin nerve agent . ) In 2001 , it was estimated that there are 12 facilities in the DPRK where raw chemicals , precursors , and CW agents are produced and / or stored .	41	Statement
Due to challenges posed by a limited source of indigenously produced precursors for CW agents , it is believed that North Korea emphasizes production of phosgene , mustard , sarin , and V - agents . ( Previous reports have also alleged a large stock of sarin nerve agent . ) In 2001 , it was estimated that there are 12 facilities in the DPRK where raw chemicals , precursors , and CW agents are produced and / or stored .	38	Statement
CW agents are then moved to either a Sakchu - or Kanggye - based chemical weapons facility for weaponization , i . e . , the filling of weapons with agents for deployment .	4	Motion
CW agents are then moved to either a Sakchu - or Kanggye - based chemical weapons facility for weaponization , i . e . , the filling of weapons with agents for deployment .	32	Arranging
Reports by defectors and other accounts in the open literature indicate that North Korea currently possesses blister ( e . g . , mustard ) , nerve ( e . g . , sarin ) , choking ( e . g . , phosgene ) , and blood agents ( e . g . , hydrogen cyanide ) .	0	Statement
Reports by defectors and other accounts in the open literature indicate that North Korea currently possesses blister ( e . g . , mustard ) , nerve ( e . g . , sarin ) , choking ( e . g . , phosgene ) , and blood agents ( e . g . , hydrogen cyanide ) .	10	Communication
A North Korean defector in 1997 told a U . S . Congressional committee that the DPRK possessed a blister agent called ` ` Lizut , ' ' or Lewisite , in its arsenal .	6	Telling
VE and VG nerve agents are also mentioned in South Korean assessments of DPRK chemical weapons , although these reports do not appear to be based on hard data but rather on inference .	7	Statement
VE and VG nerve agents are also mentioned in South Korean assessments of DPRK chemical weapons , although these reports do not appear to be based on hard data but rather on inference .	19	Statement
VE and VG nerve agents are also mentioned in South Korean assessments of DPRK chemical weapons , although these reports do not appear to be based on hard data but rather on inference .	32	Coming_to_believe
Seoul lies within easy striking distance of North Korea ' s artillery and rocket systems and , today , the South Korean civilian population has no protection against CW attack .	1	Placing
Seoul lies within easy striking distance of North Korea ' s artillery and rocket systems and , today , the South Korean civilian population has no protection against CW attack .	3	Confronting_problem
Seoul lies within easy striking distance of North Korea ' s artillery and rocket systems and , today , the South Korean civilian population has no protection against CW attack .	29	Attack
The Hamhung Chemical Engineering College is responsible for much of the training of the Korean People ' s Army in CW defense .	11	Education_teaching
The Hamhung Chemical Engineering College is responsible for much of the training of the Korean People ' s Army in CW defense .	20	Hostile_encounter
The Hamhung Chemical Engineering College is responsible for much of the training of the Korean People ' s Army in CW defense .	21	Defending
Testing of agents is also reportedly performed at these two locations , possibly in very large underground facilities .	0	Testing
Testing of agents is also reportedly performed at these two locations , possibly in very large underground facilities .	6	Action
In addition to thousands of artillery rounds , hundreds of forward deployed Scud - B , Frog - 5 and Frog - 7 missiles , plus about 30 Scud - C missiles could be armed with chemical warheads .	11	Arranging
In 1994 , during heightened tensions over North Korea ' s nuclear weapons program , the DPRK threatened to turn Seoul into a ` ` sea of fire . ' '	17	Commitment
In 1994 , during heightened tensions over North Korea ' s nuclear weapons program , the DPRK threatened to turn Seoul into a ` ` sea of fire . ' '	19	Change
To be sure , the wide availability of oil - derived intermediates , especially ethylene oxide , makes the large - scale manufacture of simple CW agents such as mustard well within the capabilities of the DPRK .	17	Causation
To be sure , the wide availability of oil - derived intermediates , especially ethylene oxide , makes the large - scale manufacture of simple CW agents such as mustard well within the capabilities of the DPRK .	22	Manufacturing
To be sure , the wide availability of oil - derived intermediates , especially ethylene oxide , makes the large - scale manufacture of simple CW agents such as mustard well within the capabilities of the DPRK .	25	Hostile_encounter
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .	10	Manufacturing
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .	22	Supply
For example , in 1996 an ethnic Korean in Japan was caught exporting 50 kg of sodium fluoride to North Korea by way of cargo vessels bringing food aid to the DPRK .	26	Bringing
But because sodium fluoride is also a precursor for sarin and soman nerve agents , the Japanese authorities arrested the individual ( himself a Japanese citizen ) for trading in a controlled substance .	18	Arrest
But the sodium fluoride episode points to a serious problem faced by North Korea , namely the lack of domestically - manufactured chemical precursors .	21	Manufacturing
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .	18	Killing
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .	46	Confronting_problem
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .	48	Manufacturing
In the early 1990s - - according to reports from DPRK defectors - - the North Korean Foreign Ministry and the Ministry of the People ' s Armed Forces debated over whether to join the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) .	29	Communication
In the early 1990s - - according to reports from DPRK defectors - - the North Korean Foreign Ministry and the Ministry of the People ' s Armed Forces debated over whether to join the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) .	33	Becoming_a_member
Since 1997 , the South Korean government has insisted that the DPRK join the CWC , to no avail .	8	Statement
Since 1997 , the South Korean government has insisted that the DPRK join the CWC , to no avail .	12	Becoming_a_member
North Korea has also rebuffed efforts on the part of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) , as well as the Japanese government , to persuade it to participate in the chemical disarmament regime .	33	Participation
North Korea has also rebuffed efforts on the part of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) , as well as the Japanese government , to persuade it to participate in the chemical disarmament regime .	37	Emptying
In the short term , however , a knowledgeable official at the OPCW noted that North Korea would not reap immediate benefits by joining the CWC regime .	23	Becoming_a_member
Over the past six months , six journalists have been killed and 10 kidnapped by drug traffickers or leftist guerrillas - - who often are one and the same - - in Colombia .	10	Killing
Over the past 12 years , at least 40 journalists have died there .	11	Death
The attacks have intensified since the Colombian government began cracking down on the traffickers in August , trying to prevent their takeover of the country .	1	Attack
The attacks have intensified since the Colombian government began cracking down on the traffickers in August , trying to prevent their takeover of the country .	8	Process_start
The attacks have intensified since the Colombian government began cracking down on the traffickers in August , trying to prevent their takeover of the country .	19	Preventing_or_letting
The drug lords who claimed responsibility said they would blow up the Bogota newspaper ' s offices if it continued to distribute in Medellin .	6	Statement
The drug lords who claimed responsibility said they would blow up the Bogota newspaper ' s offices if it continued to distribute in Medellin .	21	Dispersal
El Espectador has been a special target because of the extraordinary courage of its publisher and his staff .	8	Causation
The report charged that Panama ' s Manuel Noriega is not only in league with the drug traffickers but also is bullying the press as never before .	1	Statement
The report charged that Panama ' s Manuel Noriega is not only in league with the drug traffickers but also is bullying the press as never before .	2	Judgment_communication
And in Nicaragua , promises of press freedom by the Sandinistas ` ` have not materialized . ' '	4	Commitment
And in Nicaragua , promises of press freedom by the Sandinistas ` ` have not materialized . ' '	15	Coming_to_be
As it happens , the four countries cited , Colombia , Cuba , Panama and Nicaragua , are not only where the press is under greatest attack but also are linked by the drug trade and left - wing politics .	34	Exchange
As it happens , the four countries cited , Colombia , Cuba , Panama and Nicaragua , are not only where the press is under greatest attack but also are linked by the drug trade and left - wing politics .	7	Adducing
In Colombia , the drug - financed guerrillas trying to seize the country and destroy democracy include M - 19 , which Castro has clearly backed .	14	Destroying
President Bush has agreed to meet within 90 days with Mr . Barco , President Alan Garcia of Peru and President Jaime Paz Zamora of Bolivia to discuss the drug problem .	5	Come_together
President Bush has agreed to meet within 90 days with Mr . Barco , President Alan Garcia of Peru and President Jaime Paz Zamora of Bolivia to discuss the drug problem .	27	Communication
California wildfire forces evacuation of thousands	1	Emergency
California wildfire forces evacuation of thousands	2	Causation
California wildfire forces evacuation of thousands	3	Removing
So far there have been no injuries and no homes have yet been damaged , but one building storing equipment used by firefighters was burned to the ground .	13	Damaging
So far there have been no injuries and no homes have yet been damaged , but one building storing equipment used by firefighters was burned to the ground .	20	Using
So far there have been no injuries and no homes have yet been damaged , but one building storing equipment used by firefighters was burned to the ground .	18	Containing
They eventually reached the islands , and founded colonies on the islands in the northernmost part of the Aegean Sea .	2	Arriving
They eventually reached the islands , and founded colonies on the islands in the northernmost part of the Aegean Sea .	7	Creating
They eventually reached the islands , and founded colonies on the islands in the northernmost part of the Aegean Sea .	9	Connect
Obsidian is a hard , vitreous volcanic rock , which could be fashioned into tools for cutting and stabbing .	12	Building
Obsidian is a hard , vitreous volcanic rock , which could be fashioned into tools for cutting and stabbing .	18	Bodily_harm
At around 3500 b . c . , a sophisticated culture evolved in the Cyclades islands .	11	Coming_to_be
You will find original examples in the archaeological museums throughout the Cyclades , although one of the earliest examples is in the museum on Paros .	2	Know
Farther south in Crete , the Minoan culture developed after 2000 b . c . into the most significant of its age , spreading its influence throughout the region by trade and diplomacy .	23	Filling
Farther south in Crete , the Minoan culture developed after 2000 b . c . into the most significant of its age , spreading its influence throughout the region by trade and diplomacy .	30	Exchange
The Mycenaeans were an acquisitive race who came to conquer , not to trade .	7	Arriving
The Mycenaeans were an acquisitive race who came to conquer , not to trade .	13	Exchange
The Mycenaeans were an acquisitive race who came to conquer , not to trade .	9	Conquering
They held sway over islands off the northern Greek coast , but the Phoenicians kept control of the main sea routes ; south of the area , trade continued as usual .	15	Control
They held sway over islands off the northern Greek coast , but the Phoenicians kept control of the main sea routes ; south of the area , trade continued as usual .	27	Exchange
At the same time , city - states began to grow in influence on the southern Greek mainland .	8	Process_start
At the same time , city - states began to grow in influence on the southern Greek mainland .	13	Connect
The new culture spread throughout the Mediterranean , helped by a huge increase in migration from the mainland to new settlements such as Carthage , a Greek city on the African coast of the Mediterranean .	8	Assistance
The new culture spread throughout the Mediterranean , helped by a huge increase in migration from the mainland to new settlements such as Carthage , a Greek city on the African coast of the Mediterranean .	28	Connect
The new culture spread throughout the Mediterranean , helped by a huge increase in migration from the mainland to new settlements such as Carthage , a Greek city on the African coast of the Mediterranean .	3	Filling
Athletic prowess was admired and the Olympic games were constituted in 776 b . c . , to promote friendly competition .	20	Competition
Athletic prowess was admired and the Olympic games were constituted in 776 b . c . , to promote friendly competition .	18	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Paros and Andros contributed to the Persian armory , while others supported Athens .	3	Giving
Several islands and Greek city - states agreed to work together , and created a treasury to fund their plans , which was held on the island of Delos .	7	Agree_or_refuse_to_act
Several islands and Greek city - states agreed to work together , and created a treasury to fund their plans , which was held on the island of Delos .	13	Creating
Several islands and Greek city - states agreed to work together , and created a treasury to fund their plans , which was held on the island of Delos .	24	Connect
Several islands and Greek city - states agreed to work together , and created a treasury to fund their plans , which was held on the island of Delos .	10	Collaboration
Several islands and Greek city - states agreed to work together , and created a treasury to fund their plans , which was held on the island of Delos .	23	Containing
The alliance became known as the Delian League .	2	Becoming
Later , in 454 b . c . , the treasury was transferred to Athens and its deposits were used to finance the construction of many of the major buildings and temples of the Classical Age .	12	Sending
Later , in 454 b . c . , the treasury was transferred to Athens and its deposits were used to finance the construction of many of the major buildings and temples of the Classical Age .	19	Using
Later , in 454 b . c . , the treasury was transferred to Athens and its deposits were used to finance the construction of many of the major buildings and temples of the Classical Age .	23	Building
In 431 b . c . , Athens began a war with its neighbor and league member Sparta .	8	Process_start
In 431 b . c . , Athens began a war with its neighbor and league member Sparta .	10	Hostile_encounter
Delos became one of the largest marketplaces in the empire .	1	Becoming
Following Alexander ' s death , his lands were divided among his generals .	4	Death
Although in 88 b . c . , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands , the next major power change brought influence from the West .	14	Attack
Although in 88 b . c . , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands , the next major power change brought influence from the West .	31	Causation
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament , the Book of Revelation .	5	Writing
It was here that he wrote what was to become the final book of the New Testament , the Book of Revelation .	9	Becoming
In an attempt to counter a threat from the Saracen Muslims , a new potent religious force from the East , the Byzantine army forcefully enlisted the men of the islands .	6	Commitment
In an attempt to counter a threat from the Saracen Muslims , a new potent religious force from the East , the Byzantine army forcefully enlisted the men of the islands .	25	Becoming_a_member
The crusaders swept through the land of Byzantium slaughtering Christians as well as Muslims , civilians as well as soldiers .	8	Killing
While Byzantine land was being divided , there was no one in control of the seas , so pirates raided towns on many of the islands .	3	Presence
While Byzantine land was being divided , there was no one in control of the seas , so pirates raided towns on many of the islands .	12	Control
While Byzantine land was being divided , there was no one in control of the seas , so pirates raided towns on many of the islands .	19	Attack
While Byzantine land was being divided , there was no one in control of the seas , so pirates raided towns on many of the islands .	21	Connect
While Byzantine land was being divided , there was no one in control of the seas , so pirates raided towns on many of the islands .	17	Causation
To counter this , the populations moved from their homes on the coast and built settlements inland , out of sight of the raiding parties .	6	Motion
To counter this , the populations moved from their homes on the coast and built settlements inland , out of sight of the raiding parties .	10	Connect
To counter this , the populations moved from their homes on the coast and built settlements inland , out of sight of the raiding parties .	14	Building
To counter this , the populations moved from their homes on the coast and built settlements inland , out of sight of the raiding parties .	23	Attack
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port ( skala ) which serves an inland settlement or chora , making it easier to protect the island from attack .	1	Creating
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port ( skala ) which serves an inland settlement or chora , making it easier to protect the island from attack .	17	Assistance
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port ( skala ) which serves an inland settlement or chora , making it easier to protect the island from attack .	24	Causation
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port ( skala ) which serves an inland settlement or chora , making it easier to protect the island from attack .	26	Confronting_problem
This created a pattern seen today throughout the Aegean of a small port ( skala ) which serves an inland settlement or chora , making it easier to protect the island from attack .	32	Attack
The minor Aegean Islands were taken by various powerful European noblemen , many of whom were Genoese or Venetian , such as Marco Sanudo on Naxos .	5	Conquering
The Genoese took control of the eastern Aegean Islands , which were considered the most valuable for agriculture and trade .	3	Control
The Genoese took control of the eastern Aegean Islands , which were considered the most valuable for agriculture and trade .	19	Exchange
They began the process of building their strong citadels , and reinforcing the Christian faith on the islands .	1	Process_start
They began the process of building their strong citadels , and reinforcing the Christian faith on the islands .	5	Building
They began the process of building their strong citadels , and reinforcing the Christian faith on the islands .	15	Connect
The Coming of the Ottoman Turks	1	Arriving
In 1453 , they took Constantinople , and immediately made it their capital , renaming it Istanbul .	9	Change
In 1453 , they took Constantinople , and immediately made it their capital , renaming it Istanbul .	4	Conquering
They then set their sights on the islands of the Knights of St . John and , after an unsuccessful siege in 1480 , they finally ejected the knights from the Dodecanese in 1522 .	26	Removing
The Ottomans brought new influences to the islands that they controlled , forming a large empire that stretched around the eastern Mediterranean .	2	Bringing
The Ottomans brought new influences to the islands that they controlled , forming a large empire that stretched around the eastern Mediterranean .	12	Creating
The Ottomans brought new influences to the islands that they controlled , forming a large empire that stretched around the eastern Mediterranean .	10	Control
In 1770 , Russia came to aid the Greeks ( defined by their Orthodox religion rather than by historical geographical boundaries ) , declaring war on the Ottoman Empire and occupying several Aegean islands until 1774 .	4	Arriving
In 1770 , Russia came to aid the Greeks ( defined by their Orthodox religion rather than by historical geographical boundaries ) , declaring war on the Ottoman Empire and occupying several Aegean islands until 1774 .	6	Assistance
In 1770 , Russia came to aid the Greeks ( defined by their Orthodox religion rather than by historical geographical boundaries ) , declaring war on the Ottoman Empire and occupying several Aegean islands until 1774 .	23	Statement
In 1770 , Russia came to aid the Greeks ( defined by their Orthodox religion rather than by historical geographical boundaries ) , declaring war on the Ottoman Empire and occupying several Aegean islands until 1774 .	24	Hostile_encounter
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .	1	Writing
Lesvos , Chios , and Samos lay in the important shipping lanes , and patriots began disrupting Ottoman cargo traffic .	6	Placing
Lesvos , Chios , and Samos lay in the important shipping lanes , and patriots began disrupting Ottoman cargo traffic .	15	Process_start
In return , the Turks violently put down every insurrection , including the massacre on Chios , when 22 , 000 people were slaughtered .	9	Change_of_leadership
In return , the Turks violently put down every insurrection , including the massacre on Chios , when 22 , 000 people were slaughtered .	13	Killing
In return , the Turks violently put down every insurrection , including the massacre on Chios , when 22 , 000 people were slaughtered .	23	Killing
In return , the Turks violently put down every insurrection , including the massacre on Chios , when 22 , 000 people were slaughtered .	14	Connect
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean , thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations .	13	Process_start
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean , thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations .	20	Cause_to_amalgamate
A new sense of identity enveloped Greek peoples throughout the Aegean , thus commencing a movement to expand Greece and unify the disparate Orthodox populations .	17	Expansion
A series of disastrous decisions at the beginning of the 20th century began to sound a death knell for the Ottoman Empire .	4	Deciding
A series of disastrous decisions at the beginning of the 20th century began to sound a death knell for the Ottoman Empire .	12	Process_start
A series of disastrous decisions at the beginning of the 20th century began to sound a death knell for the Ottoman Empire .	16	Death
A series of disastrous decisions at the beginning of the 20th century began to sound a death knell for the Ottoman Empire .	3	Catastrophe
The Turks lost a short war with Italy , and were forced to relinquish the Dodecanese islands to the Italians .	5	Hostile_encounter
The Turks lost a short war with Italy , and were forced to relinquish the Dodecanese islands to the Italians .	11	Causation
Following this debacle , the Ottomans then allied themselves to Germany in the World War I , losing more territory with the defeat of the Germans in that war .	14	Hostile_encounter
Following this debacle , the Ottomans then allied themselves to Germany in the World War I , losing more territory with the defeat of the Germans in that war .	28	Hostile_encounter
Following this debacle , the Ottomans then allied themselves to Germany in the World War I , losing more territory with the defeat of the Germans in that war .	17	Earnings_and_losses
Following this debacle , the Ottomans then allied themselves to Germany in the World War I , losing more territory with the defeat of the Germans in that war .	2	Catastrophe
Greece was handed a strip of land along the western coast of Asia Minor , which for over 2 , 000 years had had a substantial Greek population .	2	Giving
Greece moved in to administer the land , but a new influence upset any grand dreams of making this region a part of greater Greece .	17	Change
Greece moved in to administer the land , but a new influence upset any grand dreams of making this region a part of greater Greece .	12	Preventing_or_letting
He promised a modern state for his people , but as the situation became volatile , civil strife broke out in Turkish cities , and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence .	1	Commitment
He promised a modern state for his people , but as the situation became volatile , civil strife broke out in Turkish cities , and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence .	31	Commitment
He promised a modern state for his people , but as the situation became volatile , civil strife broke out in Turkish cities , and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence .	13	Becoming
He promised a modern state for his people , but as the situation became volatile , civil strife broke out in Turkish cities , and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence .	17	Hostile_encounter
He promised a modern state for his people , but as the situation became volatile , civil strife broke out in Turkish cities , and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence .	19	Process_start
He promised a modern state for his people , but as the situation became volatile , civil strife broke out in Turkish cities , and those considered Greek were victims of threats and violence .	29	Catastrophe
Many had to leave their birthplaces , fleeing to Lesvos , Chios , and Samos , the Greek - ruled islands just offshore .	3	Departing
Finally , Greece was ousted from its new territory in Asia Minor , which became part of the new Turkish state .	4	Removing
Finally , Greece was ousted from its new territory in Asia Minor , which became part of the new Turkish state .	14	Becoming
His forces made a series of attacks from their bases in the Dodecanese islands , including sinking a Greek naval vessel in the harbor of Tinos Town , but they only succeeded in strengthening the resolve of the population against them .	6	Attack
Later the Germans came in force and occupied many of the islands .	3	Arriving
But the country was politically fragmented , with arguments between monarchists and republicans , right and left , and tension escalated into civil war .	8	Quarreling
But the country was politically fragmented , with arguments between monarchists and republicans , right and left , and tension escalated into civil war .	23	Hostile_encounter
The struggle bypassed most of the islands , although there was fierce fighting on Samos .	1	Hostile_encounter
The struggle bypassed most of the islands , although there was fierce fighting on Samos .	12	Hostile_encounter
The struggle bypassed most of the islands , although there was fierce fighting on Samos .	10	Presence
The struggle bypassed most of the islands , although there was fierce fighting on Samos .	13	Connect
At the same time , the massive growth in air and road transport saw shipping decline in importance .	13	Causation
In 1982 , Greece joined the European Common Market ( now the European Union ) .	4	Becoming_a_member
The EU has given large subsidies to develop Greece ' s infrastructure and grants to excavate and protect its ancient monuments .	3	Giving
The EU has given large subsidies to develop Greece ' s infrastructure and grants to excavate and protect its ancient monuments .	7	Cause_to_make_progress
Airfields have been constructed on a number of the islands , and road systems have been expanded and improved .	3	Building
Airfields have been constructed on a number of the islands , and road systems have been expanded and improved .	4	Connect
Airfields have been constructed on a number of the islands , and road systems have been expanded and improved .	16	Expansion
Airfields have been constructed on a number of the islands , and road systems have been expanded and improved .	18	Cause_to_make_progress
Private investment has even made an increasingly modern ferry fleet possible .	4	Causation
QN : Has India built dual - use chemical production plants in Iran ?	4	Building
QN : Has India built dual - use chemical production plants in Iran ?	9	Manufacturing
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	8	Statement
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	26	Supply
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	29	Using
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	31	Manufacturing
Under the deal , India will build a sophisticate chemical plant at Qazvin , which will be used produce phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual - use chemical that could be used to produce chemical weapons .	6	Building
Under the deal , India will build a sophisticate chemical plant at Qazvin , which will be used produce phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual - use chemical that could be used to produce chemical weapons .	17	Using
Under the deal , India will build a sophisticate chemical plant at Qazvin , which will be used produce phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual - use chemical that could be used to produce chemical weapons .	18	Manufacturing
QN : What dual - use chemical will be produced at the Indian - Iranian joint venture at Qazvin ?	9	Manufacturing
In January - February 1997 , China supplied Iran with 40 , 000 barrels of calcium hypochlorite , a chemical - biological - radiological decontamination agent .	7	Supply
QN : Has China provided Iran with decontamination materials ?	4	Supply
Being one of the few countries in the world that has experienced chemical warfare ( CW ) on the battlefield , Iran ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention in 1997 .	13	Hostile_encounter
Being one of the few countries in the world that has experienced chemical warfare ( CW ) on the battlefield , Iran ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention in 1997 .	22	Ratification
QN : Is Iran a signatory to the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) ?	5	Sign_agreement
Desperate for hard currency to prop up its sickly regime , North Korea has demanded $ 1 billion a year from America to end its destabilising missile sales to countries such as Iran , Syria , Libya , Egypt and Pakistan .	23	Process_end
Desperate for hard currency to prop up its sickly regime , North Korea has demanded $ 1 billion a year from America to end its destabilising missile sales to countries such as Iran , Syria , Libya , Egypt and Pakistan .	27	Commerce_sell
So missile sales still flourish .	2	Commerce_sell
Desperate for hard currency to prop up its sickly regime , North Korea has demanded $ 1 billion a year from America to end its destabilising missile sales to countries such as Iran , Syria , Libya , Egypt and Pakistan .	23	Process_end
Desperate for hard currency to prop up its sickly regime , North Korea has demanded $ 1 billion a year from America to end its destabilising missile sales to countries such as Iran , Syria , Libya , Egypt and Pakistan .	27	Commerce_sell
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	1	Request
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	19	Assistance
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	33	Check
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	5	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
So missile sales still flourish .	2	Commerce_sell
Desperate for hard currency to prop up its sickly regime , North Korea has demanded $ 1 billion a year from America to end its destabilising missile sales to countries such as Iran , Syria , Libya , Egypt and Pakistan .	23	Process_end
Desperate for hard currency to prop up its sickly regime , North Korea has demanded $ 1 billion a year from America to end its destabilising missile sales to countries such as Iran , Syria , Libya , Egypt and Pakistan .	27	Commerce_sell
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	1	Request
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	19	Assistance
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	33	Check
That demand was reportedly knocked down by the Clinton administration to a series of satellite launches and some food aid , but the potential deal still lacked a key component - how to verify that North Korea was honouring the bargain - when the Clinton team ran out of time .	5	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
So missile sales still flourish .	2	Commerce_sell
QN : What countries has North Korea bought missiles from ?	7	Commerce_buy
In October 2002 , North Korea confirmed U . S . intelligence reports that it had a clandestine enriched uranium weapons program in violation of the Agreed Framework and the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	6	Check
In October 2002 , North Korea confirmed U . S . intelligence reports that it had a clandestine enriched uranium weapons program in violation of the Agreed Framework and the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	12	Statement
In addition to aerial - delivered chemical ordnance ( bombs , possibly other types of ordnance ) , DPRK military airfields ( as of 1993 ) have posted a platoon of chemical defense personnel equipped decontamination and detection systems .	27	Sending
In addition to aerial - delivered chemical ordnance ( bombs , possibly other types of ordnance ) , DPRK military airfields ( as of 1993 ) have posted a platoon of chemical defense personnel equipped decontamination and detection systems .	32	Defending
In addition to aerial - delivered chemical ordnance ( bombs , possibly other types of ordnance ) , DPRK military airfields ( as of 1993 ) have posted a platoon of chemical defense personnel equipped decontamination and detection systems .	34	Supply
QN : Has North Korea taken steps to protect its military airfields from chemical weapons attacks ?	6	Action
QN : Has North Korea taken steps to protect its military airfields from chemical weapons attacks ?	15	Attack
The continued willingness of the Democratic People ' s Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , the People ' s Republic of China ( PRC ) , and Russia to provide Iran with both missiles and missile - related technology that at the very least exceed the intentions of the Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) .	30	Supply
This has been complemented , to a lesser extent , by the willingness of other nations ( e . g . , Libya and Syria ) to cooperate within the realm of ballistic missile development .	27	Collaboration
This has been complemented , to a lesser extent , by the willingness of other nations ( e . g . , Libya and Syria ) to cooperate within the realm of ballistic missile development .	27	Collaboration
QN : What Middle Eastern countries have been collaborating with Iran to develop their own ballistic missiles ?	8	Collaboration
QN : What Middle Eastern countries have been collaborating with Iran to develop their own ballistic missiles ?	12	Cause_to_make_progress
In 1986 , the Soviet government constructed a demonstration destruction facility in Chapayevsk that utilized neutralization and incineration technology .	6	Building
In 1986 , the Soviet government constructed a demonstration destruction facility in Chapayevsk that utilized neutralization and incineration technology .	14	Using
In 1986 , the Soviet government constructed a demonstration destruction facility in Chapayevsk that utilized neutralization and incineration technology .	9	Destroying
The facility , which was designed to destroy 350 tons of nerve agent yearly utilizing hydrolysis followed by incineration , cost 50 million rubles and took more than three years to build .	5	Creating
The facility , which was designed to destroy 350 tons of nerve agent yearly utilizing hydrolysis followed by incineration , cost 50 million rubles and took more than three years to build .	7	Destroying
The facility , which was designed to destroy 350 tons of nerve agent yearly utilizing hydrolysis followed by incineration , cost 50 million rubles and took more than three years to build .	14	Using
The facility , which was designed to destroy 350 tons of nerve agent yearly utilizing hydrolysis followed by incineration , cost 50 million rubles and took more than three years to build .	20	Cost
The facility , which was designed to destroy 350 tons of nerve agent yearly utilizing hydrolysis followed by incineration , cost 50 million rubles and took more than three years to build .	31	Building
QN : Has Russia built facilities for the disposal of chemical weapons in the past ?	4	Building
QN : Does Russia possess the infrastructure necessary to destroy chemical weapons ?	9	Destroying
At Chapayevsk in the Samara Province , where lewisite and mustard gas were produced , tests performed in 19931994 reportedly found arsenic concentrations in the soil around the former plant to be 8 , 500 times the permissible concentration ( two milligrams per kilogram ) ; in areas of the surrounding town , they were two to ten times the permissible concentration .	13	Manufacturing
At Chapayevsk in the Samara Province , where lewisite and mustard gas were produced , tests performed in 19931994 reportedly found arsenic concentrations in the soil around the former plant to be 8 , 500 times the permissible concentration ( two milligrams per kilogram ) ; in areas of the surrounding town , they were two to ten times the permissible concentration .	20	Know
At Chapayevsk in the Samara Province , where lewisite and mustard gas were produced , tests performed in 19931994 reportedly found arsenic concentrations in the soil around the former plant to be 8 , 500 times the permissible concentration ( two milligrams per kilogram ) ; in areas of the surrounding town , they were two to ten times the permissible concentration .	37	Legality
QN : Is there evidence that Russia ' s chemical weapons programs have polluted Russia ' s environment ?	2	Presence
Finally , and more importantly , Qadhafi has ordered kidnappings and both supported and employed international terrorism against Western nations .	8	Request
Finally , and more importantly , Qadhafi has ordered kidnappings and both supported and employed international terrorism against Western nations .	14	Using
These scientists report that these compounds , some of which are binaries , were designed to circumvent the CWC and to defeat Western detection and protection measures .	2	Statement
These scientists report that these compounds , some of which are binaries , were designed to circumvent the CWC and to defeat Western detection and protection measures .	14	Creating
Tehran continues to seek considerable production technology , training , expertise , equipment and chemicals from entities in Russia and China that could be used to help Iran reach its goal [ of ] an indigenous nerve agent production capability .	5	Manufacturing
Tehran continues to seek considerable production technology , training , expertise , equipment and chemicals from entities in Russia and China that could be used to help Iran reach its goal [ of ] an indigenous nerve agent production capability .	8	Education_teaching
Tehran continues to seek considerable production technology , training , expertise , equipment and chemicals from entities in Russia and China that could be used to help Iran reach its goal [ of ] an indigenous nerve agent production capability .	24	Using
Tehran continues to seek considerable production technology , training , expertise , equipment and chemicals from entities in Russia and China that could be used to help Iran reach its goal [ of ] an indigenous nerve agent production capability .	26	Assistance
Tehran continues to seek considerable production technology , training , expertise , equipment and chemicals from entities in Russia and China that could be used to help Iran reach its goal [ of ] an indigenous nerve agent production capability .	28	Arriving
QN : Is there evidence that Iran has attempted to produce ricin ?	2	Presence
QN : Is there evidence that Iran has attempted to produce ricin ?	10	Manufacturing
Iran has ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) and publicly decried all forms of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .	2	Ratification
Iran has ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) and publicly decried all forms of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .	14	Judgment_communication
At the same time , it does have a very sophisticated biotechnology infrastructure that includes leading research facilities and trained personnel .	16	Research
At the same time , it does have a very sophisticated biotechnology infrastructure that includes leading research facilities and trained personnel .	19	Education_teaching
It has also participated in several scientific exchanges with foreign experts .	3	Participation
It has also participated in several scientific exchanges with foreign experts .	7	Communication
8 January 1998 Iranian President Mohammad Khatami reaffirms his administration ' s desire to cooperate with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .	7	Statement
8 January 1998 Iranian President Mohammad Khatami reaffirms his administration ' s desire to cooperate with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .	14	Collaboration
QN : Has Iran offered to cooperate with the IAEA ?	6	Collaboration
Russian officials do not deny research has continued but assert that it is for the purpose of developing defenses against chemical weapons , a purpose that is not banned by the CWC .	9	Statement
Russian officials do not deny research has continued but assert that it is for the purpose of developing defenses against chemical weapons , a purpose that is not banned by the CWC .	5	Research
Russian officials do not deny research has continued but assert that it is for the purpose of developing defenses against chemical weapons , a purpose that is not banned by the CWC .	17	Cause_to_make_progress
QN : Is Russia still researching chemical weapons ?	5	Research
Despite official statements by the governments of Russia , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , and Belarus that they are opposed to proliferation of NBC weapons and missiles , some sales have and are taking place .	2	Statement
Despite official statements by the governments of Russia , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , and Belarus that they are opposed to proliferation of NBC weapons and missiles , some sales have and are taking place .	28	Commerce_sell
Yet another delivery option would be to equip Libya ' s Su - 24D ` ` Fencer ' ' advanced fighter aircraft with chemical bombs .	7	Supply
Libya currently has only a primitive capability to refuel such aircraft in mid - air , although it could potentially strike at Israel .	20	Attack
Indeed , Libya has already resorted to chemical warfare on a small scale as an assymetric response to conventional military inferiority .	8	Hostile_encounter
Indeed , Libya has already resorted to chemical warfare on a small scale as an assymetric response to conventional military inferiority .	16	Response
Gaddafi said the missile would be developed to defend Libya against foreign aggression , including the threat of a nuclear attack .	1	Statement
Gaddafi said the missile would be developed to defend Libya against foreign aggression , including the threat of a nuclear attack .	6	Cause_to_make_progress
Gaddafi said the missile would be developed to defend Libya against foreign aggression , including the threat of a nuclear attack .	8	Defending
Gaddafi said the missile would be developed to defend Libya against foreign aggression , including the threat of a nuclear attack .	20	Attack
Libya ? s government strongly denies acquiring or producing BW .	6	Getting
Libya ? s government strongly denies acquiring or producing BW .	8	Manufacturing
QN : Has Libya admitted having stockpiles of biological weapons ?	4	Reveal_secret
Since the late 1980 ' s , blister and nerve agents have been produced at Rabta , but the production rate has been low , and plant is not being utilized due to fear of attack .	13	Manufacturing
Since the late 1980 ' s , blister and nerve agents have been produced at Rabta , but the production rate has been low , and plant is not being utilized due to fear of attack .	19	Manufacturing
Since the late 1980 ' s , blister and nerve agents have been produced at Rabta , but the production rate has been low , and plant is not being utilized due to fear of attack .	30	Using
Since the late 1980 ' s , blister and nerve agents have been produced at Rabta , but the production rate has been low , and plant is not being utilized due to fear of attack .	35	Attack
The release of nerve gas on the Tokyo subway by a Japanese cult on March 20 , 1995 , the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the sending of anthrax - tainted letters have made policymakers and the general public concerned that terrorists could use chemical or biological weapons ( CBW ) to inflict mass casualties .	21	Attack
The release of nerve gas on the Tokyo subway by a Japanese cult on March 20 , 1995 , the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the sending of anthrax - tainted letters have made policymakers and the general public concerned that terrorists could use chemical or biological weapons ( CBW ) to inflict mass casualties .	37	Causation
The release of nerve gas on the Tokyo subway by a Japanese cult on March 20 , 1995 , the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the sending of anthrax - tainted letters have made policymakers and the general public concerned that terrorists could use chemical or biological weapons ( CBW ) to inflict mass casualties .	47	Using
The release of nerve gas on the Tokyo subway by a Japanese cult on March 20 , 1995 , the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the sending of anthrax - tainted letters have made policymakers and the general public concerned that terrorists could use chemical or biological weapons ( CBW ) to inflict mass casualties .	20	Terrorism
The release of nerve gas on the Tokyo subway by a Japanese cult on March 20 , 1995 , the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the sending of anthrax - tainted letters have made policymakers and the general public concerned that terrorists could use chemical or biological weapons ( CBW ) to inflict mass casualties .	45	Terrorism
The release of nerve gas on the Tokyo subway by a Japanese cult on March 20 , 1995 , the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the sending of anthrax - tainted letters have made policymakers and the general public concerned that terrorists could use chemical or biological weapons ( CBW ) to inflict mass casualties .	5	Connect
The release of nerve gas on the Tokyo subway by a Japanese cult on March 20 , 1995 , the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and the sending of anthrax - tainted letters have made policymakers and the general public concerned that terrorists could use chemical or biological weapons ( CBW ) to inflict mass casualties .	58	Catastrophe
Nevertheless , numerous misconceptions persist about the nature of CBW terrorism - - in particular , how easy it would be for terrorists to produce and employ such weapons .	17	Confronting_problem
Nevertheless , numerous misconceptions persist about the nature of CBW terrorism - - in particular , how easy it would be for terrorists to produce and employ such weapons .	24	Manufacturing
Nevertheless , numerous misconceptions persist about the nature of CBW terrorism - - in particular , how easy it would be for terrorists to produce and employ such weapons .	26	Using
Nevertheless , numerous misconceptions persist about the nature of CBW terrorism - - in particular , how easy it would be for terrorists to produce and employ such weapons .	10	Terrorism
Nevertheless , numerous misconceptions persist about the nature of CBW terrorism - - in particular , how easy it would be for terrorists to produce and employ such weapons .	22	Terrorism
This tutorial addresses several aspects of biological warfare ( BW ) terrorism , with the goal of providing a greater understanding of the threat and the available policy responses .	7	Hostile_encounter
This tutorial addresses several aspects of biological warfare ( BW ) terrorism , with the goal of providing a greater understanding of the threat and the available policy responses .	9	Hostile_encounter
This tutorial addresses several aspects of biological warfare ( BW ) terrorism , with the goal of providing a greater understanding of the threat and the available policy responses .	17	Supply
This tutorial addresses several aspects of biological warfare ( BW ) terrorism , with the goal of providing a greater understanding of the threat and the available policy responses .	28	Response
This tutorial addresses several aspects of biological warfare ( BW ) terrorism , with the goal of providing a greater understanding of the threat and the available policy responses .	11	Terrorism
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?	5	Action
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?	7	Preventing_or_letting
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?	9	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?	15	Hostile_encounter
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?	16	Terrorism
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?	13	Catastrophe
Defining Terrorism	1	Terrorism
The U . S . Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) defines terrorism as : ` ` The unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government , the civilian population , or any segment thereof , in furtherance of political or social objectives . ' '	19	Legality
The U . S . Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) defines terrorism as : ` ` The unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government , the civilian population , or any segment thereof , in furtherance of political or social objectives . ' '	20	Using
The U . S . Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) defines terrorism as : ` ` The unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government , the civilian population , or any segment thereof , in furtherance of political or social objectives . ' '	13	Terrorism
Terrorism experts outside government have also developed their own definitions .	6	Cause_to_make_progress
Terrorism experts outside government have also developed their own definitions .	0	Terrorism
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of ` ` state terrorism ' ' against their own citizens .	16	Action
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of ` ` state terrorism ' ' against their own citizens .	18	Action
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of ` ` state terrorism ' ' against their own citizens .	3	Terrorism
The lack of a universally accepted definition of terrorism has allowed political leaders to manipulate the term for propaganda purposes .	8	Terrorism
During the Cold War , for example , the United States and the Soviet Union each supported sub - national groups engaged in proxy wars .	21	Action
During the Cold War , for example , the United States and the Soviet Union each supported sub - national groups engaged in proxy wars .	24	Hostile_encounter
In discussing CBW terrorism , it is important to distinguish between terrorist attacks involving chemical and biological warfare agents , which differ in several ways :	12	Attack
In discussing CBW terrorism , it is important to distinguish between terrorist attacks involving chemical and biological warfare agents , which differ in several ways :	17	Hostile_encounter
In discussing CBW terrorism , it is important to distinguish between terrorist attacks involving chemical and biological warfare agents , which differ in several ways :	3	Terrorism
In discussing CBW terrorism , it is important to distinguish between terrorist attacks involving chemical and biological warfare agents , which differ in several ways :	11	Terrorism
They cause illness or death within minutes to hours after exposure .	1	Causation
They cause illness or death within minutes to hours after exposure .	4	Death
Biological warfare ( BW ) agents are microorganisms such as viruses and bacteria that infect humans , livestock , or crops and cause an incapacitating or fatal disease .	1	Hostile_encounter
Biological warfare ( BW ) agents are microorganisms such as viruses and bacteria that infect humans , livestock , or crops and cause an incapacitating or fatal disease .	3	Hostile_encounter
Biological warfare ( BW ) agents are microorganisms such as viruses and bacteria that infect humans , livestock , or crops and cause an incapacitating or fatal disease .	22	Causation
Biological warfare ( BW ) agents are microorganisms such as viruses and bacteria that infect humans , livestock , or crops and cause an incapacitating or fatal disease .	26	Killing
Symptoms of illness do not appear immediately but only after a delay , or ` ` incubation period , ' ' that may last for days to weeks .	5	Coming_to_be
Chapters 2 - 6 discuss the technical issues of biological terrorism in greater detail .	10	Terrorism
Why Would Terrorists Want to Employ CBW ?	5	Using
Why Would Terrorists Want to Employ CBW ?	2	Terrorism
There are several reasons why certain terrorist groups or individuals might favor the use of CBW over other kinds of weapons :	1	Presence
There are several reasons why certain terrorist groups or individuals might favor the use of CBW over other kinds of weapons :	13	Using
There are several reasons why certain terrorist groups or individuals might favor the use of CBW over other kinds of weapons :	6	Terrorism
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .	18	Attack
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .	21	Killing
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .	4	Getting
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .	11	Protest
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .	20	Cause_to_make_progress
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .	22	Manufacturing
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .	25	Sending
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .	0	Terrorism
Characteristics of CBW Terrorists	3	Terrorism
Those groups and individuals most likely to engage in terrorism with chemical or biological weapons lie at the intersection of three attributes : ( 1 ) motivation , ( 2 ) organizational structure , and ( 3 ) technical capability .	7	Action
Those groups and individuals most likely to engage in terrorism with chemical or biological weapons lie at the intersection of three attributes : ( 1 ) motivation , ( 2 ) organizational structure , and ( 3 ) technical capability .	15	Placing
Those groups and individuals most likely to engage in terrorism with chemical or biological weapons lie at the intersection of three attributes : ( 1 ) motivation , ( 2 ) organizational structure , and ( 3 ) technical capability .	9	Terrorism
Motivation : The terrorist groups of greatest concern are motivated to inflict indiscriminate mass casualties ( random ; not targeting a specific person or persons ) and to engage in innovative and risky tactics .	28	Action
Motivation : The terrorist groups of greatest concern are motivated to inflict indiscriminate mass casualties ( random ; not targeting a specific person or persons ) and to engage in innovative and risky tactics .	3	Terrorism
Motivation : The terrorist groups of greatest concern are motivated to inflict indiscriminate mass casualties ( random ; not targeting a specific person or persons ) and to engage in innovative and risky tactics .	9	Influence
Organizational Structure : The terrorist groups of greatest concern have an organizational structure and internal control mechanisms that enable them to prevent penetration by government agents or defection by group members .	21	Preventing_or_letting
Organizational Structure : The terrorist groups of greatest concern have an organizational structure and internal control mechanisms that enable them to prevent penetration by government agents or defection by group members .	4	Terrorism
Organizational Structure : The terrorist groups of greatest concern have an organizational structure and internal control mechanisms that enable them to prevent penetration by government agents or defection by group members .	15	Control
Technical Capability : The terrorist groups of greatest concern possess the technical capability and know - how to acquire , produce , and deliver chemical or biological agents , or to recruit scientific experts in these areas .	18	Getting
Technical Capability : The terrorist groups of greatest concern possess the technical capability and know - how to acquire , produce , and deliver chemical or biological agents , or to recruit scientific experts in these areas .	20	Manufacturing
Technical Capability : The terrorist groups of greatest concern possess the technical capability and know - how to acquire , produce , and deliver chemical or biological agents , or to recruit scientific experts in these areas .	23	Sending
Technical Capability : The terrorist groups of greatest concern possess the technical capability and know - how to acquire , produce , and deliver chemical or biological agents , or to recruit scientific experts in these areas .	4	Terrorism
Historically , very few terrorist groups have possessed the motivation , the organization , and the technical capability to conduct a successful chemical or biological terrorist attack , particularly on a large scale .	19	Action
Historically , very few terrorist groups have possessed the motivation , the organization , and the technical capability to conduct a successful chemical or biological terrorist attack , particularly on a large scale .	26	Attack
Historically , very few terrorist groups have possessed the motivation , the organization , and the technical capability to conduct a successful chemical or biological terrorist attack , particularly on a large scale .	4	Terrorism
Some groups in the past have tried to acquire a CBW capability , but have lacked the technical expertise to do so .	8	Getting
Some groups in the past have tried to acquire a CBW capability , but have lacked the technical expertise to do so .	20	Action
Even before the events of September 11 and the anthrax letter attacks of fall 2001 , analysts began to observe some troubling developments along all three dimensions of the CBW terrorism threat .	11	Attack
Even before the events of September 11 and the anthrax letter attacks of fall 2001 , analysts began to observe some troubling developments along all three dimensions of the CBW terrorism threat .	16	Scrutiny
Even before the events of September 11 and the anthrax letter attacks of fall 2001 , analysts began to observe some troubling developments along all three dimensions of the CBW terrorism threat .	17	Process_start
Even before the events of September 11 and the anthrax letter attacks of fall 2001 , analysts began to observe some troubling developments along all three dimensions of the CBW terrorism threat .	19	Know
Even before the events of September 11 and the anthrax letter attacks of fall 2001 , analysts began to observe some troubling developments along all three dimensions of the CBW terrorism threat .	31	Commitment
Even before the events of September 11 and the anthrax letter attacks of fall 2001 , analysts began to observe some troubling developments along all three dimensions of the CBW terrorism threat .	30	Terrorism
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .	10	Using
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .	30	Manufacturing
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .	32	Sending
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .	3	Terrorism
In the past , politically motivated terrorist organizations , such as the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( PIRA ) or the Palestinian Liberation Organization ( PLO ) , have not sought to inflict indiscriminate mass casualties .	6	Terrorism
Such groups engage in violent attacks against civilian targets with the aim of influencing public opinion and applying pressure on government officials .	2	Action
Such groups engage in violent attacks against civilian targets with the aim of influencing public opinion and applying pressure on government officials .	5	Attack
Such groups engage in violent attacks against civilian targets with the aim of influencing public opinion and applying pressure on government officials .	13	Influence
Such groups engage in violent attacks against civilian targets with the aim of influencing public opinion and applying pressure on government officials .	18	Convincing
Mass - casualty attacks would provoke government authorities to pursue the terrorists so aggressively that they would ultimately be destroyed as a viable organization .	3	Attack
Mass - casualty attacks would provoke government authorities to pursue the terrorists so aggressively that they would ultimately be destroyed as a viable organization .	5	Causation
Mass - casualty attacks would provoke government authorities to pursue the terrorists so aggressively that they would ultimately be destroyed as a viable organization .	11	Terrorism
Mass - casualty attacks would provoke government authorities to pursue the terrorists so aggressively that they would ultimately be destroyed as a viable organization .	2	Catastrophe
Mass - casualty attacks would provoke government authorities to pursue the terrorists so aggressively that they would ultimately be destroyed as a viable organization .	19	Destroying
Over the past few decades , however , a ` ` new breed ' ' of terrorists has come on the scene .	18	Arriving
Over the past few decades , however , a ` ` new breed ' ' of terrorists has come on the scene .	16	Terrorism
Religious Terrorism	1	Terrorism
Whereas most terrorist groups during the 1960s and 1970s were motivated either by left - wing ideology ( socialist / communist policies advocated by Marxist - Leninist or Maoist groups ) or by national - separatist goals ( a group ' s pursuit to become an independent state based on its ethnic , racial , or cultural make - up ) , the number of groups characterized primarily by religious beliefs began to increase in the 1980s .	44	Becoming
Whereas most terrorist groups during the 1960s and 1970s were motivated either by left - wing ideology ( socialist / communist policies advocated by Marxist - Leninist or Maoist groups ) or by national - separatist goals ( a group ' s pursuit to become an independent state based on its ethnic , racial , or cultural make - up ) , the number of groups characterized primarily by religious beliefs began to increase in the 1980s .	71	Process_start
Whereas most terrorist groups during the 1960s and 1970s were motivated either by left - wing ideology ( socialist / communist policies advocated by Marxist - Leninist or Maoist groups ) or by national - separatist goals ( a group ' s pursuit to become an independent state based on its ethnic , racial , or cultural make - up ) , the number of groups characterized primarily by religious beliefs began to increase in the 1980s .	2	Terrorism
Whereas most terrorist groups during the 1960s and 1970s were motivated either by left - wing ideology ( socialist / communist policies advocated by Marxist - Leninist or Maoist groups ) or by national - separatist goals ( a group ' s pursuit to become an independent state based on its ethnic , racial , or cultural make - up ) , the number of groups characterized primarily by religious beliefs began to increase in the 1980s .	10	Influence
According to terrorism analyst Bruce Hoffman , in 1968 , none of the 11 major terrorist organizations then active was religiously motivated .	3	Scrutiny
According to terrorism analyst Bruce Hoffman , in 1968 , none of the 11 major terrorist organizations then active was religiously motivated .	2	Terrorism
According to terrorism analyst Bruce Hoffman , in 1968 , none of the 11 major terrorist organizations then active was religiously motivated .	15	Terrorism
By 1995 , however , 26 out of 56 known , active international terrorist groups could be classified as religious in character and / or motivation .	13	Terrorism
They may desire not just to make a symbolic point but to physically and completely destroy their enemies .	6	Creating
They may desire not just to make a symbolic point but to physically and completely destroy their enemies .	15	Destroying
They may believe in apocalyptic prophecy and actively seek to bring about Armageddon , or the end of the world .	16	Process_end
They may believe in apocalyptic prophecy and actively seek to bring about Armageddon , or the end of the world .	11	Achieve
Single - Issue Terrorism	3	Terrorism
Another new type of terrorist organization focuses on a single , hotly disputed issue such as abortion , animal rights , environmental protection , or genetic engineering .	4	Terrorism
Members of these groups feel passionately about their chosen issue and are prepared to strike out violently against those who disagree with them .	12	GetReady
The Army of God , for example , is an extremist anti - abortion group that has assassinated doctors who perform abortions and has sent hundreds of anthrax hoax letters to family - planning clinics around the United States .	17	Killing
The Army of God , for example , is an extremist anti - abortion group that has assassinated doctors who perform abortions and has sent hundreds of anthrax hoax letters to family - planning clinics around the United States .	20	Action
The Army of God , for example , is an extremist anti - abortion group that has assassinated doctors who perform abortions and has sent hundreds of anthrax hoax letters to family - planning clinics around the United States .	24	Sending
Right Wing Terrorism	2	Terrorism
The 1990s saw the rise of right - wing terrorism , including neo - Nazis and neo - Fascists in Europe and white supremacists and anti - government ( ` ` Patriot ' ' ) organizations in the United States .	9	Terrorism
Several highly publicized clashes between federal authorities and local armed groups have occurred over the past decade , including the confrontation between Randy Weaver and federal marshals at Ruby Ridge , Idaho , on August 21 - 22 , 1992 , during which Weaver ' s son and wife were killed ; and the disastrous siege by federal agents of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas , in April 1993 .	3	Hostile_encounter
Several highly publicized clashes between federal authorities and local armed groups have occurred over the past decade , including the confrontation between Randy Weaver and federal marshals at Ruby Ridge , Idaho , on August 21 - 22 , 1992 , during which Weaver ' s son and wife were killed ; and the disastrous siege by federal agents of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas , in April 1993 .	20	Hostile_encounter
Several highly publicized clashes between federal authorities and local armed groups have occurred over the past decade , including the confrontation between Randy Weaver and federal marshals at Ruby Ridge , Idaho , on August 21 - 22 , 1992 , during which Weaver ' s son and wife were killed ; and the disastrous siege by federal agents of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas , in April 1993 .	50	Killing
Timothy McVeigh , who perpetrated the April 1995 bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City , was not a member of a Patriot organization but identified strongly with the anti - government community of belief .	4	Committing_crime
Timothy McVeigh , who perpetrated the April 1995 bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City , was not a member of a Patriot organization but identified strongly with the anti - government community of belief .	8	Attack
Many Al Qa ' ida terrorists are prepared to sacrifice their own lives to carry out attacks , making them essentially impossible to deter .	7	GetReady
Many Al Qa ' ida terrorists are prepared to sacrifice their own lives to carry out attacks , making them essentially impossible to deter .	16	Attack
Many Al Qa ' ida terrorists are prepared to sacrifice their own lives to carry out attacks , making them essentially impossible to deter .	15	Action
Many Al Qa ' ida terrorists are prepared to sacrifice their own lives to carry out attacks , making them essentially impossible to deter .	5	Terrorism
On September 11 , 2001 , nineteen Al Qa ' ida terrorists hijacked four commercial aircraft and flew three of them into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon ; the fourth crashed into a field in Shanksville , Pennsylvania .	11	Terrorism
The September 11 attacks were also characterized by innovative tactics , impressive execution , and a sharp escalation in the level of violence .	3	Attack
In August 2002 , the Cable News Network ( CNN ) broadcast an Al Qa ' ida training video showing experiments on dogs with cyanide gas .	17	Education_teaching
These materials revealed that the organization had recruited a Pakistani microbiologist , acquired materials to manufacture botulinum toxin , and developed a workable plan for anthrax production .	12	Getting
These materials revealed that the organization had recruited a Pakistani microbiologist , acquired materials to manufacture botulinum toxin , and developed a workable plan for anthrax production .	20	Cause_to_make_progress
These materials revealed that the organization had recruited a Pakistani microbiologist , acquired materials to manufacture botulinum toxin , and developed a workable plan for anthrax production .	26	Manufacturing
QN : Were the city workers harmed by the attack ?	9	Attack
The Defense Department has awarded BioPort Corporation a contract to manufacture , test , bottle and store anthrax vaccine , the company has announced .	10	Manufacturing
The Defense Department has awarded BioPort Corporation a contract to manufacture , test , bottle and store anthrax vaccine , the company has announced .	12	Testing
The Defense Department has awarded BioPort Corporation a contract to manufacture , test , bottle and store anthrax vaccine , the company has announced .	23	Statement
The Defense Department has awarded BioPort Corporation a contract to manufacture , test , bottle and store anthrax vaccine , the company has announced .	14	Placing
Chemical weapon projectiles contain a blasting tube which can be seen in an X - ray .	3	Containing
The incident at Mayak was the third shooting in recent weeks involving nuclear weapons or facilities in Russia .	7	Killing
QN : Who destroyed 5 million pounds of GB nerve agent ?	3	Destroying
The military is training for the day a terrorist sets off not just a bomb , but a chemical or biological weapon that would spew out an invisible death .	28	Death
Virginia is ill prepared for a large - scale terrorist attack using chemical , biological or nuclear weapons , state officials say .	10	Attack
Virginia is ill prepared for a large - scale terrorist attack using chemical , biological or nuclear weapons , state officials say .	11	Using
Virginia is ill prepared for a large - scale terrorist attack using chemical , biological or nuclear weapons , state officials say .	21	Statement
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .	10	Manufacturing
To date , Congress has authorized more than $ 4 . 7 billion for U . S . programs aimed at helping Russia and other newly independent states reduce the threats posed by their weapons of mass destruction .	21	Assistance
To date , Congress has authorized more than $ 4 . 7 billion for U . S . programs aimed at helping Russia and other newly independent states reduce the threats posed by their weapons of mass destruction .	28	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
QN : Does the U . S . want the threat posed by Russia ' s weapons of mass destruction to be reduced ?	22	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
The only bacterial attack in America came in 1984 , when a cult poisoned a salad bar in Oregon with salmonella , sickening 700 people .	3	Attack
The only bacterial attack in America came in 1984 , when a cult poisoned a salad bar in Oregon with salmonella , sickening 700 people .	13	Bodily_harm
Blix said the new weapons inspection team is composed of scientists from around the world , including South America , Thailand , Bangladesh and Eastern Europe .	1	Statement
Blix said the new weapons inspection team is composed of scientists from around the world , including South America , Thailand , Bangladesh and Eastern Europe .	5	Scrutiny
QN : Are scientists from Hungary members of the new weapons inspection team ?	11	Scrutiny
QN : Where did Powell travel to ?	5	Traveling
The Chemlab , for instance , is about the size of a Palm Pilot and will be able to detect a range of biological agents .	19	Know
Russia could suspend the destruction of its stockpile of chemical weapons if foreign aid is not increased , a senior official and negotiator was quoted as saying by the AVN Military News agency .	4	Destroying
Russia could suspend the destruction of its stockpile of chemical weapons if foreign aid is not increased , a senior official and negotiator was quoted as saying by the AVN Military News agency .	13	Assistance
Russia could suspend the destruction of its stockpile of chemical weapons if foreign aid is not increased , a senior official and negotiator was quoted as saying by the AVN Military News agency .	16	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Russia could suspend the destruction of its stockpile of chemical weapons if foreign aid is not increased , a senior official and negotiator was quoted as saying by the AVN Military News agency .	26	Statement
QN : Are there three U . S . manufacturers of anthrax vaccine ?	2	Presence
QN : Are there three U . S . manufacturers of anthrax vaccine ?	9	Manufacturing
The White House has ordered a purge of information from government agency websites that could be exploited by terrorists seeking weapons of mass destruction .	4	Request
The White House has ordered a purge of information from government agency websites that could be exploited by terrorists seeking weapons of mass destruction .	6	Removing
Agriculture accounts for 22 million jobs and 16 . 4 percent of the nation ' s gross domestic product .	5	Employment
QN : Are 22 million people employed in agriculture ?	6	Employment
Libya said on Wednesday it is not developing chemical , biological or nuclear weapons , denying allegations made by a US official .	1	Statement
Libya said on Wednesday it is not developing chemical , biological or nuclear weapons , denying allegations made by a US official .	16	Statement
Libya said on Wednesday it is not developing chemical , biological or nuclear weapons , denying allegations made by a US official .	7	Cause_to_make_progress
QN : Did a U . S . official claim that Libya is developing chemical , biological or nuclear weapons ?	9	Statement
QN : Did a U . S . official claim that Libya is developing chemical , biological or nuclear weapons ?	13	Cause_to_make_progress
Al Wafa is one of the organisations whose assets have been frozen in the United States amid suspicions that it might be giving support to Osama Bin Laden ' s al - Qaeda network .	22	Giving
QN : Who has given support to al - Qaeda ?	4	Giving
This week , the government arrested Jose Abello Silva , said to be the fourth - ranking cartel leader .	5	Arrest
This week , the government arrested Jose Abello Silva , said to be the fourth - ranking cartel leader .	10	Statement
Later , another high - ranking trafficker , Leonidas Vargas , was arrested and 1 , 000 pounds of dynamite seized .	12	Arrest
Canadian international merchandise trade	3	Exchange
Canadian companies sent $ 28 . 5 billion in goods to the United States in February , up 1 . 6 % from January revised level , while they imported $ 20 . 9 billion worth , up 2 . 4 % .	2	Sending
Consequently , Canada ' s total trade deficit with other nations widened by half a billion dollars from $ 2 . 6 billion to $ 3 . 1 billion in February .	11	Expansion
Kazakhstan inherited nuclear - tipped missiles , a nuclear weapon test site , and biological and chemical weapon production facilities when the Soviet Union collapsed .	18	Manufacturing
Kazakhstan inherited nuclear - tipped missiles , a nuclear weapon test site , and biological and chemical weapon production facilities when the Soviet Union collapsed .	10	Testing
When the Soviet Union collapsed in December 1991 , Kazakhstan inherited 1 , 410 nuclear warheads and the Semipalatinsk nuclear weapon test site .	21	Testing
Kazakhstani President Nazarbayev , however , has declared Kazakhstan ' s commitment to the nonproliferation of BW and associated technologies .	7	Statement
Kazakhstani President Nazarbayev , however , has declared Kazakhstan ' s commitment to the nonproliferation of BW and associated technologies .	11	Commitment
These facilities include the following : Biomedpreparat , a large - scale anthrax production facility located in Stepnogorsk ; the Scientific Research Agricultural Institute ( SRAI ) at Otar , which specializes in anti - crop and anti - livestock diseases ; and Biokombinat , a small mobilization production facility located in Almaty , now producing vaccines .	13	Manufacturing
These facilities include the following : Biomedpreparat , a large - scale anthrax production facility located in Stepnogorsk ; the Scientific Research Agricultural Institute ( SRAI ) at Otar , which specializes in anti - crop and anti - livestock diseases ; and Biokombinat , a small mobilization production facility located in Almaty , now producing vaccines .	55	Manufacturing
These facilities include the following : Biomedpreparat , a large - scale anthrax production facility located in Stepnogorsk ; the Scientific Research Agricultural Institute ( SRAI ) at Otar , which specializes in anti - crop and anti - livestock diseases ; and Biokombinat , a small mobilization production facility located in Almaty , now producing vaccines .	15	Placing
The Scientific Center for Quarantine and Zoonotic Infections ( SCQZI ) ( formerly known as the Anti - Plague Institute ) was also involved in the Soviet BW system and is now under the jurisdiction of the Kazakhstani Ministry of Health .	23	Participation
This plant probably was designed to replace aging plants in Volgograd and Novocheboksarsk ( Russia ) for the production of the binary agent ` ` novichok . ' '	4	Creating
This plant probably was designed to replace aging plants in Volgograd and Novocheboksarsk ( Russia ) for the production of the binary agent ` ` novichok . ' '	18	Manufacturing
The plant ' s construction was halted in 1987 , after the Soviet Union became involved in Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) - related negotiations , so it never produced any CW agents .	4	Building
The plant ' s construction was halted in 1987 , after the Soviet Union became involved in Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) - related negotiations , so it never produced any CW agents .	6	Process_end
The plant ' s construction was halted in 1987 , after the Soviet Union became involved in Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) - related negotiations , so it never produced any CW agents .	15	Participation
The plant ' s construction was halted in 1987 , after the Soviet Union became involved in Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) - related negotiations , so it never produced any CW agents .	25	Communication
The plant ' s construction was halted in 1987 , after the Soviet Union became involved in Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) - related negotiations , so it never produced any CW agents .	30	Manufacturing
All ICBMs were transferred to Russia for dismantlement by September 1996 and missile silos and silo structures were destroyed under the U . S . Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction ( CTR ) program by September 1999 .	18	Destroying
All ICBMs were transferred to Russia for dismantlement by September 1996 and missile silos and silo structures were destroyed under the U . S . Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction ( CTR ) program by September 1999 .	7	Destroying
All ICBMs were transferred to Russia for dismantlement by September 1996 and missile silos and silo structures were destroyed under the U . S . Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction ( CTR ) program by September 1999 .	30	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
All ICBMs were transferred to Russia for dismantlement by September 1996 and missile silos and silo structures were destroyed under the U . S . Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction ( CTR ) program by September 1999 .	3	Sending
Odds changers , or jinglers , attempt to gain favorable odds by dumping large amounts of money on a particular horse , then canceling the bet at the last moment in order to make a second bet at better odds .	8	Getting
QN : Do jinglers get better odds ?	4	Getting
Born July 5 , 1917 , Catherine Wood Campbell left her native Atlanta , where she had attended Sacred Heart School and graduated from the Washington Seminary , in the 1930s .	9	Departing
The Red Sox started wearing numbers on their backs in 1931 , and first retired numbers May 29 , 1984 , when they honored Williams and Cronin .	3	Process_start
The Red Sox started wearing numbers on their backs in 1931 , and first retired numbers May 29 , 1984 , when they honored Williams and Cronin .	4	Wearing
QN : Did the Red Sox wear numbers on their backs in 1984 ?	6	Wearing
Lehr has become a major force on the Trojans ' pitching staff , despite the fact that his pitching career at this level is still in its infancy .	2	Becoming
Lehr has become a major force on the Trojans ' pitching staff , despite the fact that his pitching career at this level is still in its infancy .	10	Motion
QN : Did planning for Islands of Adventure begin after Universal Studios Florida opened ?	8	Process_start
If truth is the first casualty in war , then dignity was the first principle to keel over in the dirty little war in Washington .	7	Hostile_encounter
QN : Do people who are new to painting often load too much paint on the brush ?	10	Placing
In the next few decades , unless Japan somehow manages to arrest current trends , it may find that its share of global economic output has shrunk considerably .	17	Know
Fiscal hawks on Capitol Hill vowed Monday to vote against the embassy security measures unless they are paid for by cuts elsewhere in the administration ' s budget .	5	Commitment
Fiscal hawks on Capitol Hill vowed Monday to vote against the embassy security measures unless they are paid for by cuts elsewhere in the administration ' s budget .	20	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
The FDA has no authority to regulate creatine unless it ' s first proved to be dangerous .	13	Protest
QN : Has creatine been proven to be dangerous ?	5	Protest
American officials now say they believe that Muhammad was warned by someone in the Qatar government and that he was staying at the estate of Abdallah bin Khalid , a fundamentalist who has provided support for other Islamic radicals .	3	Statement
American officials now say they believe that Muhammad was warned by someone in the Qatar government and that he was staying at the estate of Abdallah bin Khalid , a fundamentalist who has provided support for other Islamic radicals .	33	Supply
A former American intelligence official said bin Laden also visited bin Khalid in Qatar twice in the mid - 1990s .	5	Statement
A former American intelligence official said bin Laden also visited bin Khalid in Qatar twice in the mid - 1990s .	9	Arriving
The board frequently has engaged in public disputes and has been accused by the federal court of making decisions based on narrow agendas and meddling where it should n ' t .	11	Judgment_communication
Duke initially planned on giving every new student a free iPod , but now only plans on giving iPods to students in certain classes .	4	Giving
Duke initially planned on giving every new student a free iPod , but now only plans on giving iPods to students in certain classes .	7	Education_teaching
Duke initially planned on giving every new student a free iPod , but now only plans on giving iPods to students in certain classes .	20	Education_teaching
Duke initially planned on giving every new student a free iPod , but now only plans on giving iPods to students in certain classes .	9	Cost
QN : Does Duke plan on giving every new student a free iPod ?	6	Giving
QN : Does Duke plan on giving every new student a free iPod ?	11	Cost
QN : Does Duke plan on giving every new student a free iPod ?	9	Education_teaching
A US judge late on Thursday threw out Mr Kerkorian ' s claims that Daimler had fraudulently described the 1998 deal bringing together Daimler - Benz and Chrysler as a merger rather than a takeover to avoid paying a premium .	36	Preventing_or_letting
A US judge late on Thursday threw out Mr Kerkorian ' s claims that Daimler had fraudulently described the 1998 deal bringing together Daimler - Benz and Chrysler as a merger rather than a takeover to avoid paying a premium .	22	Cause_to_amalgamate
QN : Does the judge think Daimler fraudlently described the 1998 deal to avoid paying a premium ?	13	Preventing_or_letting
QN : Does the judge think Daimler fraudlently described the 1998 deal to avoid paying a premium ?	14	Commerce_pay
QN : Does Mr Kerkorian think Daimler fraudlently described the 1998 deal to avoid paying a premium ?	13	Preventing_or_letting
QN : Does Mr Kerkorian think Daimler fraudlently described the 1998 deal to avoid paying a premium ?	14	Commerce_pay
MG Rover is on the brink of collapse after Britain refused to provide $ 100 million in emergency funding and component suppliers withdrew their support , forcing the car - maker to halt production .	10	Agree_or_refuse_to_act
MG Rover is on the brink of collapse after Britain refused to provide $ 100 million in emergency funding and component suppliers withdrew their support , forcing the car - maker to halt production .	21	Supply
MG Rover is on the brink of collapse after Britain refused to provide $ 100 million in emergency funding and component suppliers withdrew their support , forcing the car - maker to halt production .	12	Supply
MG Rover is on the brink of collapse after Britain refused to provide $ 100 million in emergency funding and component suppliers withdrew their support , forcing the car - maker to halt production .	22	Removing
MG Rover is on the brink of collapse after Britain refused to provide $ 100 million in emergency funding and component suppliers withdrew their support , forcing the car - maker to halt production .	32	Process_end
MG Rover is on the brink of collapse after Britain refused to provide $ 100 million in emergency funding and component suppliers withdrew their support , forcing the car - maker to halt production .	33	Manufacturing
QN : Do video games contain advertisements ?	5	Containing
QN : Did cancer cause their mother ' s death ?	4	Causation
QN : Did cancer cause their mother ' s death ?	9	Death
Marc Vaughn did n ' t kill the four hostages with a gun , he used a knife .	6	Killing
Marc Vaughn did n ' t kill the four hostages with a gun , he used a knife .	15	Using
QN : Did Vaughn use a gun to kill the four hostages ?	4	Using
QN : Did Vaughn use a gun to kill the four hostages ?	8	Killing
Early in the 1990s , Chinese officials made land available for a new hospital , and money for construction and operating costs .	18	Building
Early in the 1990s , Chinese officials made land available for a new hospital , and money for construction and operating costs .	21	Cost
Early in the 1990s , Chinese officials made land available for a new hospital , and money for construction and operating costs .	7	Causation
The U . S . Department of Homeland Security was scheduled to break ground Monday at its National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center .	19	Scrutiny
The facility also will be used to assess threat vulnerabilities and potential consequences and conduct forensic analysis of evidence from terrorism and biological crimes .	5	Using
The facility also will be used to assess threat vulnerabilities and potential consequences and conduct forensic analysis of evidence from terrorism and biological crimes .	14	Action
The facility also will be used to assess threat vulnerabilities and potential consequences and conduct forensic analysis of evidence from terrorism and biological crimes .	16	Scrutiny
The facility also will be used to assess threat vulnerabilities and potential consequences and conduct forensic analysis of evidence from terrorism and biological crimes .	20	Terrorism
The facility also will be used to assess threat vulnerabilities and potential consequences and conduct forensic analysis of evidence from terrorism and biological crimes .	23	Committing_crime
Making , fighting diseases of terror	0	Creating
Biologists at Fort Detrick ' s newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world ' s deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .	11	Request
Biologists at Fort Detrick ' s newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world ' s deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .	13	Change
Biologists at Fort Detrick ' s newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world ' s deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .	20	Killing
But some arms control specialists worry that the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center - - now operating out of borrowed lab space at the Frederick base and elsewhere - - might develop new vaccine - resistant or lethal microbes without solid evidence of a terrorist plot to unleash similar bugs .	32	Cause_to_make_progress
But some arms control specialists worry that the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center - - now operating out of borrowed lab space at the Frederick base and elsewhere - - might develop new vaccine - resistant or lethal microbes without solid evidence of a terrorist plot to unleash similar bugs .	38	Killing
But some arms control specialists worry that the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center - - now operating out of borrowed lab space at the Frederick base and elsewhere - - might develop new vaccine - resistant or lethal microbes without solid evidence of a terrorist plot to unleash similar bugs .	45	Terrorism
But some arms control specialists worry that the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center - - now operating out of borrowed lab space at the Frederick base and elsewhere - - might develop new vaccine - resistant or lethal microbes without solid evidence of a terrorist plot to unleash similar bugs .	10	Scrutiny
The result , they say , could increase the risk that nasty new organisms will be unleashed on the world . ( Baltimore Sun , 26Jun06 , Douglas Birch ) ( Link )	4	Statement
The result , they say , could increase the risk that nasty new organisms will be unleashed on the world . ( Baltimore Sun , 26Jun06 , Douglas Birch ) ( Link )	7	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Elusys Therapeutics Inc . , a privately - held biopharmaceutical company , announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has granted Orphan Drug Designation to Anthim ( ETI - 204 ) , the company ' s anthrax therapeutic .	12	Statement
Elusys Therapeutics Inc . , a privately - held biopharmaceutical company , announced that the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has granted Orphan Drug Designation to Anthim ( ETI - 204 ) , the company ' s anthrax therapeutic .	42	Cure
Anthim is a high - affinity monoclonal antibody that targets the protective antigen component of anthrax , blocking the bacteria ' s ability to form deadly toxins .	24	Creating
Anthim is a high - affinity monoclonal antibody that targets the protective antigen component of anthrax , blocking the bacteria ' s ability to form deadly toxins .	25	Killing
` ` Awards like this reflect the safe work the employees do each and every day as they protect themselves , the environment and the community .	11	Action
` ` Awards like this reflect the safe work the employees do each and every day as they protect themselves , the environment and the community .	8	Employment
Portable kit developed to screen nerve agent	2	Cause_to_make_progress
Portable kit developed to screen nerve agent	0	Bringing
A portable kit designed to screen a large number of people for exposure to deadly nerve agents has been developed in Singapore to deal with potential biochemical threats , a published report said on Saturday .	3	Creating
A portable kit designed to screen a large number of people for exposure to deadly nerve agents has been developed in Singapore to deal with potential biochemical threats , a published report said on Saturday .	14	Killing
A portable kit designed to screen a large number of people for exposure to deadly nerve agents has been developed in Singapore to deal with potential biochemical threats , a published report said on Saturday .	19	Cause_to_make_progress
A portable kit designed to screen a large number of people for exposure to deadly nerve agents has been developed in Singapore to deal with potential biochemical threats , a published report said on Saturday .	23	Resolve_problem
A portable kit designed to screen a large number of people for exposure to deadly nerve agents has been developed in Singapore to deal with potential biochemical threats , a published report said on Saturday .	32	Statement
A portable kit designed to screen a large number of people for exposure to deadly nerve agents has been developed in Singapore to deal with potential biochemical threats , a published report said on Saturday .	1	Bringing
DSO ' s test kit detects trace levels of degenerated nerve agents from a pin - prick sample of blood , Loke explained .	22	Statement
DSO ' s test kit detects trace levels of degenerated nerve agents from a pin - prick sample of blood , Loke explained .	5	Know
Other portable kits measure the biological indicators in blood , which drop when a person is exposed to nerve agents . ( iol [ South Africa ] , 24Jun06 ) ( Link )	1	Bringing
The device reportedly developed by al - Qaida to disperse deadly cyanide gas in subway cars and other confined spaces has never been used in a terrorist attack and probably would not be very effective , say experts .	3	Cause_to_make_progress
The device reportedly developed by al - Qaida to disperse deadly cyanide gas in subway cars and other confined spaces has never been used in a terrorist attack and probably would not be very effective , say experts .	9	Dispersal
The device reportedly developed by al - Qaida to disperse deadly cyanide gas in subway cars and other confined spaces has never been used in a terrorist attack and probably would not be very effective , say experts .	10	Killing
The device reportedly developed by al - Qaida to disperse deadly cyanide gas in subway cars and other confined spaces has never been used in a terrorist attack and probably would not be very effective , say experts .	23	Using
The device reportedly developed by al - Qaida to disperse deadly cyanide gas in subway cars and other confined spaces has never been used in a terrorist attack and probably would not be very effective , say experts .	26	Terrorism
The device reportedly developed by al - Qaida to disperse deadly cyanide gas in subway cars and other confined spaces has never been used in a terrorist attack and probably would not be very effective , say experts .	27	Attack
The device reportedly developed by al - Qaida to disperse deadly cyanide gas in subway cars and other confined spaces has never been used in a terrorist attack and probably would not be very effective , say experts .	36	Statement
` ` What you would get , in all probability , is a big bang , a big splash , but very little gas , ' ' Milton Leitenberg , of the University of Maryland , told United Press International .	36	Telling
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that ` ` a best case scenario ' ' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added ` ` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ' '	4	Employment
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that ` ` a best case scenario ' ' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added ` ` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ' '	18	Telling
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that ` ` a best case scenario ' ' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added ` ` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ' '	41	Statement
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that ` ` a best case scenario ' ' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added ` ` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ' '	49	Creating
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that ` ` a best case scenario ' ' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added ` ` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ' '	30	Killing
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that ` ` a best case scenario ' ' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added ` ` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ' '	51	Catastrophe
The Bush administration has mounted a concerted campaign to get quick Congressional approval for the India - US nuclear deal , with the White House declaring it the president ' s ` ` top priority ' ' amid a few contrary voices heard in the legislature .	9	Getting
The Bush administration has mounted a concerted campaign to get quick Congressional approval for the India - US nuclear deal , with the White House declaring it the president ' s ` ` top priority ' ' amid a few contrary voices heard in the legislature .	25	Statement
Republican Senator John Cornyn , who leads the India Caucus in the US Senate along with Democratic Senator Hillary Clinton , Friday took the floor to answer Byron Dorgan , a critic of the deal who has vowed to do all to delay if not stop it .	26	Communication
Republican Senator John Cornyn , who leads the India Caucus in the US Senate along with Democratic Senator Hillary Clinton , Friday took the floor to answer Byron Dorgan , a critic of the deal who has vowed to do all to delay if not stop it .	31	Judgment_communication
Republican Senator John Cornyn , who leads the India Caucus in the US Senate along with Democratic Senator Hillary Clinton , Friday took the floor to answer Byron Dorgan , a critic of the deal who has vowed to do all to delay if not stop it .	37	Commitment
Republican Senator John Cornyn , who leads the India Caucus in the US Senate along with Democratic Senator Hillary Clinton , Friday took the floor to answer Byron Dorgan , a critic of the deal who has vowed to do all to delay if not stop it .	45	Preventing_or_letting
The deal is in the best interests of the United States as it will make them partners with the world ' s largest democracy , marking an important step in their strategic relationship , he said .	14	Change
The deal is in the best interests of the United States as it will make them partners with the world ' s largest democracy , marking an important step in their strategic relationship , he said .	28	Action
The deal is in the best interests of the United States as it will make them partners with the world ' s largest democracy , marking an important step in their strategic relationship , he said .	35	Statement
The deal is in the best interests of the United States as it will make them partners with the world ' s largest democracy , marking an important step in their strategic relationship , he said .	16	Collaboration
For it will permit peaceful civilian use of nuclear power while avoiding the threat of proliferation and the possibility that terrorists might acquire a nuclear weapon or it might proliferate to some other irresponsible party and then endanger America or its allies .	6	Using
For it will permit peaceful civilian use of nuclear power while avoiding the threat of proliferation and the possibility that terrorists might acquire a nuclear weapon or it might proliferate to some other irresponsible party and then endanger America or its allies .	20	Terrorism
For it will permit peaceful civilian use of nuclear power while avoiding the threat of proliferation and the possibility that terrorists might acquire a nuclear weapon or it might proliferate to some other irresponsible party and then endanger America or its allies .	22	Getting
For it will permit peaceful civilian use of nuclear power while avoiding the threat of proliferation and the possibility that terrorists might acquire a nuclear weapon or it might proliferate to some other irresponsible party and then endanger America or its allies .	11	Preventing_or_letting
Nowhere is the threat of nuclear war or nuclear terrorism , or the need to safeguard nuclear weapons more important than in South Asia , the home to Al Qaida , who seeks nuclear weapons , Dorgan said describing it as an area where relations among regional nuclear powers - China , India , Pakistan - have historically been tense . ( DailyIndia . com ; 25Jun06 ; Arun Kumar , Indo - Asian News Service ) ( Link )	6	Hostile_encounter
Nowhere is the threat of nuclear war or nuclear terrorism , or the need to safeguard nuclear weapons more important than in South Asia , the home to Al Qaida , who seeks nuclear weapons , Dorgan said describing it as an area where relations among regional nuclear powers - China , India , Pakistan - have historically been tense . ( DailyIndia . com ; 25Jun06 ; Arun Kumar , Indo - Asian News Service ) ( Link )	9	Terrorism
Nowhere is the threat of nuclear war or nuclear terrorism , or the need to safeguard nuclear weapons more important than in South Asia , the home to Al Qaida , who seeks nuclear weapons , Dorgan said describing it as an area where relations among regional nuclear powers - China , India , Pakistan - have historically been tense . ( DailyIndia . com ; 25Jun06 ; Arun Kumar , Indo - Asian News Service ) ( Link )	37	Statement
Putin submits nuclear terrorism convention for ratification	3	Terrorism
Putin submits nuclear terrorism convention for ratification	6	Ratification
President Vladimir Putin Monday introduced a new convention on the fight against nuclear terrorism and several other documents for ratification by the lower house of Russia ' s parliament .	10	Hostile_encounter
President Vladimir Putin Monday introduced a new convention on the fight against nuclear terrorism and several other documents for ratification by the lower house of Russia ' s parliament .	13	Terrorism
President Vladimir Putin Monday introduced a new convention on the fight against nuclear terrorism and several other documents for ratification by the lower house of Russia ' s parliament .	19	Ratification
In the 1960s , Ferndale resident Jack Alderson commanded a group of light tugs that made trips to the islands that last week were declared a monument , as well as other remote atolls in the region .	16	Traveling
Before and after those tests , which the U . S . Department of Defense now admits exposed thousands of crew members to live biological and chemical agents , Alderson ' s tugs brought Smithsonian Institution ornithologists to the islands .	4	Testing
Before and after those tests , which the U . S . Department of Defense now admits exposed thousands of crew members to live biological and chemical agents , Alderson ' s tugs brought Smithsonian Institution ornithologists to the islands .	16	Reveal_secret
Before and after those tests , which the U . S . Department of Defense now admits exposed thousands of crew members to live biological and chemical agents , Alderson ' s tugs brought Smithsonian Institution ornithologists to the islands .	33	Bringing
Before and after those tests , which the U . S . Department of Defense now admits exposed thousands of crew members to live biological and chemical agents , Alderson ' s tugs brought Smithsonian Institution ornithologists to the islands .	14	Defending
They were there to study migrating birds , information the military would use to determine if chemicals and diseases could be transported across borders and so be used as vectors by - - or against - - an enemy .	4	Scrutiny
They were there to study migrating birds , information the military would use to determine if chemicals and diseases could be transported across borders and so be used as vectors by - - or against - - an enemy .	12	Using
They were there to study migrating birds , information the military would use to determine if chemicals and diseases could be transported across borders and so be used as vectors by - - or against - - an enemy .	27	Using
They were there to study migrating birds , information the military would use to determine if chemicals and diseases could be transported across borders and so be used as vectors by - - or against - - an enemy .	14	Coming_to_believe
They were there to study migrating birds , information the military would use to determine if chemicals and diseases could be transported across borders and so be used as vectors by - - or against - - an enemy .	21	Bringing
In the sizable number of recent news reports about President Bush ' s naming of the 1 , 400 - mile - long Northwestern Hawaiian Islands chain as a monument , there is no mention of their cloak - and - dagger past .	34	Statement
In the sizable number of recent news reports about President Bush ' s naming of the 1 , 400 - mile - long Northwestern Hawaiian Islands chain as a monument , there is no mention of their cloak - and - dagger past .	32	Presence
But 20 years after the bird cruises , the Washington Post Magazine dug up the controversial alignment between the Defense Department and the Smithsonian Institution . ( The Times - Standard ; 26Jun06 ; John Driscoll , Eureka Times Standard ) ( Link )	19	Defending
A former CIA officer says he made repeated efforts to alert top agency officials to problems with an Iraqi defector ' s claims about the country ' s mobile biological weapons labs but he was ignored , the Washington Post reported Sunday .	4	Statement
A former CIA officer says he made repeated efforts to alert top agency officials to problems with an Iraqi defector ' s claims about the country ' s mobile biological weapons labs but he was ignored , the Washington Post reported Sunday .	22	Statement
A former CIA officer says he made repeated efforts to alert top agency officials to problems with an Iraqi defector ' s claims about the country ' s mobile biological weapons labs but he was ignored , the Washington Post reported Sunday .	40	Statement
A former CIA officer says he made repeated efforts to alert top agency officials to problems with an Iraqi defector ' s claims about the country ' s mobile biological weapons labs but he was ignored , the Washington Post reported Sunday .	6	Creating
A former CIA officer says he made repeated efforts to alert top agency officials to problems with an Iraqi defector ' s claims about the country ' s mobile biological weapons labs but he was ignored , the Washington Post reported Sunday .	28	Bringing
Drumheller told the Post he was surprised when a few days later , on February 5 , 2003 , Powell told the U . N . Security Council that ` ` we have first - hand descriptions of biological weapons factories on wheels and rails . ' '	1	Telling
He said he also issued warnings before President Bush ' s January 28 , 2003 , State of the Union speech that included Bush statements about Iraq ' s mobile labs ` ` designed to produce germ warfare agents . ' ' ( CNN , 25Jun06 , Reuters ) ( Link )	1	Statement
He said he also issued warnings before President Bush ' s January 28 , 2003 , State of the Union speech that included Bush statements about Iraq ' s mobile labs ` ` designed to produce germ warfare agents . ' ' ( CNN , 25Jun06 , Reuters ) ( Link )	24	Statement
He said he also issued warnings before President Bush ' s January 28 , 2003 , State of the Union speech that included Bush statements about Iraq ' s mobile labs ` ` designed to produce germ warfare agents . ' ' ( CNN , 25Jun06 , Reuters ) ( Link )	33	Creating
He said he also issued warnings before President Bush ' s January 28 , 2003 , State of the Union speech that included Bush statements about Iraq ' s mobile labs ` ` designed to produce germ warfare agents . ' ' ( CNN , 25Jun06 , Reuters ) ( Link )	35	Manufacturing
He said he also issued warnings before President Bush ' s January 28 , 2003 , State of the Union speech that included Bush statements about Iraq ' s mobile labs ` ` designed to produce germ warfare agents . ' ' ( CNN , 25Jun06 , Reuters ) ( Link )	37	Hostile_encounter
He said he also issued warnings before President Bush ' s January 28 , 2003 , State of the Union speech that included Bush statements about Iraq ' s mobile labs ` ` designed to produce germ warfare agents . ' ' ( CNN , 25Jun06 , Reuters ) ( Link )	29	Bringing
The Aksa Martyrs Brigades announced on Sunday that its members have succeeded in manufacturing chemical and biological weapons .	4	Statement
The Aksa Martyrs Brigades announced on Sunday that its members have succeeded in manufacturing chemical and biological weapons .	13	Manufacturing
According to the statement , the first of its kind , the group has managed to manufacture and develop at least 20 different types of biological and chemical weapons .	3	Statement
According to the statement , the first of its kind , the group has managed to manufacture and develop at least 20 different types of biological and chemical weapons .	16	Manufacturing
According to the statement , the first of its kind , the group has managed to manufacture and develop at least 20 different types of biological and chemical weapons .	18	Cause_to_make_progress
The group said its members would not hesitate to add the new weapons to Kassam rockets that are being fired at Israeli communities almost every day .	2	Statement
Islamist terrorists launch a ` ` dirty bomb ' ' attack against London or another western capital , The Sunday Telegraph has learnt .	1	Terrorism
Islamist terrorists launch a ` ` dirty bomb ' ' attack against London or another western capital , The Sunday Telegraph has learnt .	10	Attack
Islamist terrorists launch a ` ` dirty bomb ' ' attack against London or another western capital , The Sunday Telegraph has learnt .	22	Know
It follows growing concern among members of Britain ' s intelligence and security hierarchy that if a CBRN attack took place in the City of London it would devastate Britain ' s economy and severely damage the economies of Europe and America . ( Telegraph . co . uk , 25Jun06 , Sean Rayment ) ( Link )	18	Attack
It follows growing concern among members of Britain ' s intelligence and security hierarchy that if a CBRN attack took place in the City of London it would devastate Britain ' s economy and severely damage the economies of Europe and America . ( Telegraph . co . uk , 25Jun06 , Sean Rayment ) ( Link )	28	Destroying
It follows growing concern among members of Britain ' s intelligence and security hierarchy that if a CBRN attack took place in the City of London it would devastate Britain ' s economy and severely damage the economies of Europe and America . ( Telegraph . co . uk , 25Jun06 , Sean Rayment ) ( Link )	35	Damaging
Abdul Galeel Nazeer Karori , a leading Islamist and member of Sudan ' s ruling National Congress party , said in Khartoum , ` ` We will not allow any arrest or trial of a Sudanese official , unless they will arrest the 30 million Sudanese people and try them . ' '	30	Arrest
China ' s Premier told Japan today to ` ` face up to history ' ' by admitting the suffering it caused in World War II , and seriously reconsider its bid for a UN Security Council seat after protests in China and elsewhere .	4	Request
Premier Wen Jiabao told Japan yesterday to ` ` face up to history ' ' and admit to the tremendous suffering it inflicted on people in China , Asia and the rest of the world during World War II .	3	Request
Premier Wen Jiabao told Japan yesterday to ` ` face up to history ' ' and admit to the tremendous suffering it inflicted on people in China , Asia and the rest of the world during World War II .	16	Reveal_secret
QN : Did Japan admit to the suffering it caused in World War II ?	4	Reveal_secret
QN : Did Japan admit to the suffering it caused in World War II ?	9	Causation
It attacks the gastrointestinal tract and kills rapidly .	6	Killing
Apple has declared that Mac OS X version 10 . 4 ` ` Tiger ` ` will go on sale Friday , 29 April 2005 , beginning at 6 : 00 p . m . during special events at Apple ' s retail stores and Apple Authorized Resellers .	2	Statement
Apple has declared that Mac OS X version 10 . 4 ` ` Tiger ` ` will go on sale Friday , 29 April 2005 , beginning at 6 : 00 p . m . during special events at Apple ' s retail stores and Apple Authorized Resellers .	19	Commerce_sell
QN : Did Sharon urge the US leader to keep pressing Iran to give up its nuclear program altogether ?	4	Convincing
QN : Did Sharon urge the US leader to keep pressing Iran to give up its nuclear program altogether ?	10	Convincing
The United States and Israel have both accused Iran of using its atomic energy program as cover for a plan to develop nuclear arms .	7	Judgment_communication
The United States and Israel have both accused Iran of using its atomic energy program as cover for a plan to develop nuclear arms .	10	Using
The United States and Israel have both accused Iran of using its atomic energy program as cover for a plan to develop nuclear arms .	21	Cause_to_make_progress
QN : Is Iran running a secret weapons program under the cover of plans to build nuclear power plants for electricity ?	15	Building
Outside the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk , at least nine police officers were killed and three were wounded when a bomb detonated on an oil pipeline as they were trying to defuse it .	14	Killing
Outside the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk , at least nine police officers were killed and three were wounded when a bomb detonated on an oil pipeline as they were trying to defuse it .	18	Bodily_harm
Theologians in Spain and elsewhere say Opus Dei is well ensconced in Rome and will probably emerge unscathed from the conclave , although this is far from certain .	5	Statement
To help you see how much your contribution means , I ' m sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill ' s mission .	1	Assistance
To help you see how much your contribution means , I ' m sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill ' s mission .	7	Giving
To help you see how much your contribution means , I ' m sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill ' s mission .	8	Causation
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work .	1	Giving
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work .	6	Causation
Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work .	25	Employment
Now I can buy a soda and spend money .	3	Commerce_buy
I can write my name on the deposit slip .	2	Writing
` ` When I first came to Goodwill I was a single parent with little or no self - esteem .	5	Arriving
I really like my job . ' ' - - Sherry	4	Employment
Because people want to work .	0	Causation
Because people want to work .	4	Employment
I had no experience or skills . . . The only thing I did know for sure was here ' s a chance to change things for me and my children . . . I rode a bike to Goodwill in the rain and snow .	24	Change
I wanted to be there . . . I had my second chance to change my life . ' ' - - Donna	14	Change
` ` Before I got to Goodwill , I was on a mission .	4	Arriving
It did n ' t matter what the job was , I just wanted one .	8	Employment
I ' ve got more than a job ; I ' ve got a career .	7	Employment
Each year , we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles .	4	Assistance
Their one common goal : they all want to work .	9	Employment
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care , transportation and child care - problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities , illiteracy and lack of job skills .	5	Supply
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care , transportation and child care - problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities , illiteracy and lack of job skills .	6	Assistance
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care , transportation and child care - problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities , illiteracy and lack of job skills .	8	Resolve_problem
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care , transportation and child care - problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities , illiteracy and lack of job skills .	30	Cause_to_amalgamate
The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care , transportation and child care - problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities , illiteracy and lack of job skills .	43	Employment
Last year , Goodwill helped 3 , 300 people find jobs that increased their self - sufficiency .	4	Assistance
Last year , Goodwill helped 3 , 300 people find jobs that increased their self - sufficiency .	10	Employment
Last year , Goodwill helped 3 , 300 people find jobs that increased their self - sufficiency .	12	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs .	1	Giving
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs .	9	Supporting
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs .	13	Assistance
Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs .	17	Employment
Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .	4	Presence
Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .	17	Supporting
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .	1	Assistance
Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .	7	Employment
Use the enclosed card and give a generous gift to Goodwill today !	0	Using
Use the enclosed card and give a generous gift to Goodwill today !	5	Giving
Use the enclosed card and give a generous gift to Goodwill today !	8	Giving
The enemy confronting our society falls in three categories : 1 - Hostile intelligence organizations , such as the United States , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Pakistan and the Jews 2 - The straying group who are atheists and apostates 3 - The existing environment .	2	Hostile_encounter
They include the deposed regime , the tribal cliques , the hired fighters , and the standard criminals .	3	Change_of_leadership
The above groups pose the following dangers : 1 - Attacking for the purpose of : A : Assassination B : Kidnapping C : Aerial raids and artillery attacks 2 - Sabotage A : Setting fires B : Explosions C : Technical sabotage D : Chemical sabotage 3 - Spying A : Recruiting a member of society B : Planting a mole within society C : Spying surveillance operation 4 - Stealing 5 - Pests : A : Poisonous such as snakes and scorpions B : Harmful such as rats and cockroaches C : Sickening such as mosquitoes	10	Attack
The above groups pose the following dangers : 1 - Attacking for the purpose of : A : Assassination B : Kidnapping C : Aerial raids and artillery attacks 2 - Sabotage A : Setting fires B : Explosions C : Technical sabotage D : Chemical sabotage 3 - Spying A : Recruiting a member of society B : Planting a mole within society C : Spying surveillance operation 4 - Stealing 5 - Pests : A : Poisonous such as snakes and scorpions B : Harmful such as rats and cockroaches C : Sickening such as mosquitoes	25	Attack
The above groups pose the following dangers : 1 - Attacking for the purpose of : A : Assassination B : Kidnapping C : Aerial raids and artillery attacks 2 - Sabotage A : Setting fires B : Explosions C : Technical sabotage D : Chemical sabotage 3 - Spying A : Recruiting a member of society B : Planting a mole within society C : Spying surveillance operation 4 - Stealing 5 - Pests : A : Poisonous such as snakes and scorpions B : Harmful such as rats and cockroaches C : Sickening such as mosquitoes	28	Attack
The above groups pose the following dangers : 1 - Attacking for the purpose of : A : Assassination B : Kidnapping C : Aerial raids and artillery attacks 2 - Sabotage A : Setting fires B : Explosions C : Technical sabotage D : Chemical sabotage 3 - Spying A : Recruiting a member of society B : Planting a mole within society C : Spying surveillance operation 4 - Stealing 5 - Pests : A : Poisonous such as snakes and scorpions B : Harmful such as rats and cockroaches C : Sickening such as mosquitoes	18	Killing
The above groups pose the following dangers : 1 - Attacking for the purpose of : A : Assassination B : Kidnapping C : Aerial raids and artillery attacks 2 - Sabotage A : Setting fires B : Explosions C : Technical sabotage D : Chemical sabotage 3 - Spying A : Recruiting a member of society B : Planting a mole within society C : Spying surveillance operation 4 - Stealing 5 - Pests : A : Poisonous such as snakes and scorpions B : Harmful such as rats and cockroaches C : Sickening such as mosquitoes	59	Placing
The above groups pose the following dangers : 1 - Attacking for the purpose of : A : Assassination B : Kidnapping C : Aerial raids and artillery attacks 2 - Sabotage A : Setting fires B : Explosions C : Technical sabotage D : Chemical sabotage 3 - Spying A : Recruiting a member of society B : Planting a mole within society C : Spying surveillance operation 4 - Stealing 5 - Pests : A : Poisonous such as snakes and scorpions B : Harmful such as rats and cockroaches C : Sickening such as mosquitoes	67	Scrutiny
The above groups pose the following dangers : 1 - Attacking for the purpose of : A : Assassination B : Kidnapping C : Aerial raids and artillery attacks 2 - Sabotage A : Setting fires B : Explosions C : Technical sabotage D : Chemical sabotage 3 - Spying A : Recruiting a member of society B : Planting a mole within society C : Spying surveillance operation 4 - Stealing 5 - Pests : A : Poisonous such as snakes and scorpions B : Harmful such as rats and cockroaches C : Sickening such as mosquitoes	71	Theft
External : All actions and methods adopted to confront dangers from outside .	3	Action
External : All actions and methods adopted to confront dangers from outside .	8	Hostile_encounter
Spying : Confronting infiltration operations carried out by spying agents or moles .	2	Hostile_encounter
Spying : Confronting infiltration operations carried out by spying agents or moles .	6	Action
1 - Choosing mountainous locations , preferably 1 - 3 hours from main cities , which have water resources .	2	Choosing
3 - If a mountainous location is unviable , then choose a location next to official buidings so as to avoid being bombarded .	10	Choosing
3 - If a mountainous location is unviable , then choose a location next to official buidings so as to avoid being bombarded .	20	Preventing_or_letting
They are erected according to the nature of the location .	2	Building
They can take one of the following forms : 1 - Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2 - Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3 - Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .	14	Placing
They can take one of the following forms : 1 - Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2 - Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3 - Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .	46	Placing
They can take one of the following forms : 1 - Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2 - Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3 - Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .	32	Filling
They can take one of the following forms : 1 - Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2 - Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3 - Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .	42	Filling
They can take one of the following forms : 1 - Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2 - Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3 - Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .	56	Preventing_or_letting
They can take one of the following forms : 1 - Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2 - Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3 - Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .	72	Causation
They can take one of the following forms : 1 - Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2 - Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3 - Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .	75	Confronting_problem
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4 - Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .	18	Building
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5 - Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6 - Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in	47	Placing
3 - Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .	6	Building
3 - Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .	12	Using
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .	11	Control
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .	22	Building
The space between the two fences could be mined in order to prevent infiltration .	12	Preventing_or_letting
2 - Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .	19	Placing
3 - Assign a parking spot for visitors which would not make them feel insulted .	7	Traveling
Usually such parking spots are on the side of the lot .	5	Connect
Also , the visitors with high security clearance should be designated parking spots inside the location .	3	Traveling
5 - Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .	3	Placing
5 - Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .	18	Using
They are entrusted with the task of tracking down the movement of strangers who are approaching the location .	15	Arriving
The objective of having kiosks is they serve as communication points between the guards and the visitors or those who are approaching the building and deal with them according to their requirements .	7	Assistance
The objective of having kiosks is they serve as communication points between the guards and the visitors or those who are approaching the building and deal with them according to their requirements .	16	Traveling
The objective of having kiosks is they serve as communication points between the guards and the visitors or those who are approaching the building and deal with them according to their requirements .	21	Arriving
The objective of having kiosks is they serve as communication points between the guards and the visitors or those who are approaching the building and deal with them according to their requirements .	25	Resolve_problem
The objective of having kiosks is they serve as communication points between the guards and the visitors or those who are approaching the building and deal with them according to their requirements .	9	Communication
2 - Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24 - hour security watch is required .	5	Placing
Going up the tower should be from inside .	0	Motion
2 - The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .	6	Placing
2 - The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .	9	Action
2 - The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .	14	Communication
They should have telescopes in order to constantly control the areas around them .	8	Control
4 - They should have a protruding area to better control their surroundings .	10	Control
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .	10	Self_motion
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .	11	Connect
The above mentioned protection procedures are only for observation purposes , while patrols check the fences , the barriers , and the towers , and submit periodic reports on their findings .	2	Statement
The above mentioned protection procedures are only for observation purposes , while patrols check the fences , the barriers , and the towers , and submit periodic reports on their findings .	27	Statement
The above mentioned protection procedures are only for observation purposes , while patrols check the fences , the barriers , and the towers , and submit periodic reports on their findings .	8	Perception_active
The above mentioned protection procedures are only for observation purposes , while patrols check the fences , the barriers , and the towers , and submit periodic reports on their findings .	13	Scrutiny
They also engage with persons approaching the locality and support the guards in their duties .	2	Action
They also engage with persons approaching the locality and support the guards in their duties .	5	Arriving
These patrols are formed as follows : 1 - Single patrols which consist of two people checking the outside area of the location 2 - Common patrols which consist of one man and a dog , also checking the outside area of the location .	3	Creating
These patrols are formed as follows : 1 - Single patrols which consist of two people checking the outside area of the location 2 - Common patrols which consist of one man and a dog , also checking the outside area of the location .	16	Scrutiny
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .	33	Action
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .	37	Coming_to_be
Also , the duty of area patrols is to discover new paths and shelters in the area in order to hide fighters after a Jihad operation against the enemy .	9	Know
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .	10	Supply
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .	15	Supply
Second : Regulations for Visitors and their Belongings	4	Traveling
Administration Staff Responsibilities : 1 - Buy equipment and machinery soonest 2 - Install the yanks and the faucets	6	Commerce_buy
Administration Staff Responsibilities : 1 - Buy equipment and machinery soonest 2 - Install the yanks and the faucets	7	Supply
Firefighters Responsibilities : 1 - Firefighting training 2 - Evacuation training 3 - Supervise the fire equipment in order to ensure : A : It remains in place B : Does not get damaged 4 - Run some tests to identify the negatives .	6	Education_teaching
Firefighters Responsibilities : 1 - Firefighting training 2 - Evacuation training 3 - Supervise the fire equipment in order to ensure : A : It remains in place B : Does not get damaged 4 - Run some tests to identify the negatives .	9	Removing
Firefighters Responsibilities : 1 - Firefighting training 2 - Evacuation training 3 - Supervise the fire equipment in order to ensure : A : It remains in place B : Does not get damaged 4 - Run some tests to identify the negatives .	16	Supply
Firefighters Responsibilities : 1 - Firefighting training 2 - Evacuation training 3 - Supervise the fire equipment in order to ensure : A : It remains in place B : Does not get damaged 4 - Run some tests to identify the negatives .	38	Testing
Fourth : Defending the Location Plan .	2	Defending
Sixth : Supply mechanical and electronic equipment .	2	Supply
Seventh : Provide labor force .	2	Supply
Eighth : Provide security to top dignitaries .	2	Supply
1 - Preserving the unity of AL QAEDA is an important and legitimate goal , which occurs by fearing God in private as well as in public . ( Surat 65 , 5 ) .	12	Legality
2 - Preserving Islamic morals and avoiding means of corruption and bad companions , through verification and confirmation of news . ( T . C : Koranic verse ) To observe good conduct and filial piety even if they were infidels .	6	Preventing_or_letting
2 - Preserving Islamic morals and avoiding means of corruption and bad companions , through verification and confirmation of news . ( T . C : Koranic verse ) To observe good conduct and filial piety even if they were infidels .	15	Check
2 - Preserving Islamic morals and avoiding means of corruption and bad companions , through verification and confirmation of news . ( T . C : Koranic verse ) To observe good conduct and filial piety even if they were infidels .	17	Check
2 - Preserving Islamic morals and avoiding means of corruption and bad companions , through verification and confirmation of news . ( T . C : Koranic verse ) To observe good conduct and filial piety even if they were infidels .	32	Action
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .	5	Communication
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .	6	Employment
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .	19	Request
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .	28	Participation
ALQAEDA may deny his request for vacation in certain cases .	4	Request
3 - Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .	2	Request
3 - Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .	5	Traveling
The request would only be considered if it had been submitted in a timely manner as indicated , except in special cases .	1	Request
The request would only be considered if it had been submitted in a timely manner as indicated , except in special cases .	14	Action
2 - Salary of the bachelor Mujahed is 1000 Pakistani Rupee 3 - The bachelor Mujahed qualifies for a round trip ticket to his country after one year from joining the organization .	29	Becoming_a_member
He does n ' t get reimbursed if the ticket is not used , but he has the right to change it to a ticket to perform the pilgrimage .	12	Using
He does n ' t get reimbursed if the ticket is not used , but he has the right to change it to a ticket to perform the pilgrimage .	20	Change
He does n ' t get reimbursed if the ticket is not used , but he has the right to change it to a ticket to perform the pilgrimage .	26	Action
He does n ' t get reimbursed if the ticket is not used , but he has the right to change it to a ticket to perform the pilgrimage .	28	Traveling
This period starts from the date of joining AL - QAEDA .	2	Process_start
This period starts from the date of joining AL - QAEDA .	7	Becoming_a_member
A legitimate duty for a Muslim and a pledge conforms what is a duty by law , and it is a duty even if it is not subject to a pledge .	1	Legality
According to what has been previously mentioned , than AL - QAEDA secures the pledge of its followers , which includes commitment to its policies and objectives preceded by the commander ' s ( Amir ) pledge .	6	Statement
According to what has been previously mentioned , than AL - QAEDA secures the pledge of its followers , which includes commitment to its policies and objectives preceded by the commander ' s ( Amir ) pledge .	14	Commitment
According to what has been previously mentioned , than AL - QAEDA secures the pledge of its followers , which includes commitment to its policies and objectives preceded by the commander ' s ( Amir ) pledge .	21	Commitment
According to what has been previously mentioned , than AL - QAEDA secures the pledge of its followers , which includes commitment to its policies and objectives preceded by the commander ' s ( Amir ) pledge .	12	Getting
I pledge by God ' s creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God ' s religion , and may God ' s word be the most supreme .	1	Commitment
I pledge by God ' s creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God ' s religion , and may God ' s word be the most supreme .	8	Becoming
I pledge to adhere to the holy book and Assuna and commit to the brothers committed with us in this mission , so God is my witness .	1	Commitment
I pledge to adhere to the holy book and Assuna and commit to the brothers committed with us in this mission , so God is my witness .	11	Commitment
I pledge to adhere to the holy book and Assuna and commit to the brothers committed with us in this mission , so God is my witness .	15	Commitment
I vow by God ' s creed to obey those responsible in this mission , in thick and thin , and thereupon may God ' s word be most supreme .	1	Commitment
Our last prayer is to thank God the creator of the universe .	2	Rite
Our last prayer is to thank God the creator of the universe .	5	Judgment_communication
Iran has begun preliminary work to install thousands of centrifuges at its uranium enrichment facility as a dispute roiled over whether the International Atomic Energy Agency was receiving the access it wants to monitor the site , wire services reported today ( see GSN , Feb . 1 ) .	2	Process_start
Iran has begun preliminary work to install thousands of centrifuges at its uranium enrichment facility as a dispute roiled over whether the International Atomic Energy Agency was receiving the access it wants to monitor the site , wire services reported today ( see GSN , Feb . 1 ) .	17	Quarreling
Iran has begun preliminary work to install thousands of centrifuges at its uranium enrichment facility as a dispute roiled over whether the International Atomic Energy Agency was receiving the access it wants to monitor the site , wire services reported today ( see GSN , Feb . 1 ) .	27	Receiving
Iran has begun preliminary work to install thousands of centrifuges at its uranium enrichment facility as a dispute roiled over whether the International Atomic Energy Agency was receiving the access it wants to monitor the site , wire services reported today ( see GSN , Feb . 1 ) .	33	Scrutiny
Iran has begun preliminary work to install thousands of centrifuges at its uranium enrichment facility as a dispute roiled over whether the International Atomic Energy Agency was receiving the access it wants to monitor the site , wire services reported today ( see GSN , Feb . 1 ) .	39	Statement
Hundreds of workers ` ` were working feverishly ' ' to place piping and wiring in Iran ' s underground enrichment facility at Natanz , said a diplomat accredited to the agency .	6	Employment
Hundreds of workers ` ` were working feverishly ' ' to place piping and wiring in Iran ' s underground enrichment facility at Natanz , said a diplomat accredited to the agency .	11	Placing
Hundreds of workers ` ` were working feverishly ' ' to place piping and wiring in Iran ' s underground enrichment facility at Natanz , said a diplomat accredited to the agency .	25	Statement
The work is preparation for Iran ' s plans to install 3 , 000 centrifuges at the site , but so far no centrifuges have been emplaced , according to the Associated Press .	26	Placing
Two smaller ` ` cascades ' ' of centrifuges have been operating in above - ground buildings at the site since last year , and a smaller set of machinery has been tested underground since November without using any uranium gas , according to AP ( George Jahn , Associated Press / Houston Chronicle , Feb . 2 ) .	32	Testing
Two smaller ` ` cascades ' ' of centrifuges have been operating in above - ground buildings at the site since last year , and a smaller set of machinery has been tested underground since November without using any uranium gas , according to AP ( George Jahn , Associated Press / Houston Chronicle , Feb . 2 ) .	37	Using
` ` This way the IAEA will only be able to see the crates that are taken into the hall and the workers coming and going . ' '	16	Bringing
` ` This way the IAEA will only be able to see the crates that are taken into the hall and the workers coming and going . ' '	23	Arriving
` ` This way the IAEA will only be able to see the crates that are taken into the hall and the workers coming and going . ' '	25	Motion
` ` The installation of monitoring systems and surveillance is taking place correctly and in the past days , the monitoring system has been strengthened , and there is no problem regarding this issue between Iran and the agency , ' ' the official added ( Reuters / New York Times , Feb . 2 ) .	9	Presence
` ` The installation of monitoring systems and surveillance is taking place correctly and in the past days , the monitoring system has been strengthened , and there is no problem regarding this issue between Iran and the agency , ' ' the official added ( Reuters / New York Times , Feb . 2 ) .	5	Scrutiny
` ` The installation of monitoring systems and surveillance is taking place correctly and in the past days , the monitoring system has been strengthened , and there is no problem regarding this issue between Iran and the agency , ' ' the official added ( Reuters / New York Times , Feb . 2 ) .	8	Scrutiny
` ` The installation of monitoring systems and surveillance is taking place correctly and in the past days , the monitoring system has been strengthened , and there is no problem regarding this issue between Iran and the agency , ' ' the official added ( Reuters / New York Times , Feb . 2 ) .	44	Statement
When farmers became capable of producing food beyond the needs of their own families , others in their society were freed to devote themselves to projects other than food acquisition .	29	Getting
Glvez ' actions led to the Spanish acquisition of East and West Florida in the peace settlement , denied the British the opportunity of encircling the American rebels from the south , and kept open a vital conduit for supplies to the American frontier .	7	Getting
Its coastal acquisition may have been one reason yellow amber came to be designated by the same term as ambergris .	2	Getting
It may take the form of a spontaneous or induced genetic mutation , or the acquisition of resistance genes from other bacterial species by horizontal gene transfer via conjugation , transduction , or transformation .	15	Getting
This acquisition added 3D technology and expertise to the Adobe Intelligent Document Platform .	1	Getting
On 6 January 2011 , Secretary of Defense Robert M . Gates announced that the U . S . Army has decided to terminate acquisition of the SLAMRAAM as part of a budget - cutting effort .	24	Getting
Also among Gates ' s private acquisitions is the Codex Leicester , a collection of writings by Leonardo da Vinci , which Gates bought for $ 30 . 8 and nbsp ; million at an auction in 1994 .	6	Getting
In 1992 , British Airways expanded through the acquisition of the financially troubled Dan - Air , giving BA a much larger presence at Gatwick airport .	8	Getting
In September 2010 , Willie Walsh , the CEO of IAG , announced that IAG is looking at other airlines ; and that a shortlist of twelve possible acquisitions existed .	28	Getting
For a man to spread his cloak over a woman showed acquisition of that woman .	11	Getting
In a recent interview with Al - Jazeera he spoke against the Arab regimes .	9	Statement
Immediately after the interview , he was apprehended again by the Jordanian authority . ]	7	Arrest
Sheik Maqdasi did not criticize Sheik Bin Baz ' s only for his edict which emphasizes not to consider a regime an apostate if it has n ' t adhered to Islamic laws .	4	Judgment_communication
First , he forbade seeking the aid of infidels when the Syrian Mujahiddin asked Saddam Hussein to overthrow the regime of Hafiz Al - Assad in Syria .	6	Assistance
First , he forbade seeking the aid of infidels when the Syrian Mujahiddin asked Saddam Hussein to overthrow the regime of Hafiz Al - Assad in Syria .	13	Request
First , he forbade seeking the aid of infidels when the Syrian Mujahiddin asked Saddam Hussein to overthrow the regime of Hafiz Al - Assad in Syria .	17	Change_of_leadership
However , he allowed the Gulf regimes to depend on the infidels in attacking Saddam Hussein .	13	Attack
However , he allowed the Gulf regimes to depend on the infidels in attacking Saddam Hussein .	3	Preventing_or_letting
[ He issued ] more edicts to accommodate the policies of the Saudi regime .	2	Creating
I wrote a letter to Ayman .	1	Writing
Please print it on a thin paper ; may God reward you .	1	Writing
I am open for any suggestions .	5	Convincing
I hope I can communicate with you through the Messenger before you depart Turkey .	4	Communication
I hope I can communicate with you through the Messenger before you depart Turkey .	12	Departing
Send my regards to my aunt , uncle and grandmother .	0	Sending
Iran purchased plans for building a nuclear reactor from A . Q . Khan .	1	Commerce_buy
Iran purchased plans for building a nuclear reactor from A . Q . Khan .	4	Building
Egypt has provided no evidence demonstrating the elimination of its biological warfare ability , which has existed since at least 1972 .	2	Supply
Egypt has provided no evidence demonstrating the elimination of its biological warfare ability , which has existed since at least 1972 .	7	Removing
Egypt has provided no evidence demonstrating the elimination of its biological warfare ability , which has existed since at least 1972 .	16	Presence
Egypt has provided no evidence demonstrating the elimination of its biological warfare ability , which has existed since at least 1972 .	11	Hostile_encounter
Egypt has suspended production of BW .	3	Manufacturing
Even if Iran possesses these biological agents , it faces a significant challenge in their weaponization and delivery .	17	Sending
There are indications that Iran has been trying to acquire BW delivery systems .	9	Getting
Iran took one step further in its attempts to acquire CW stockpiles .	3	Action
Iran took one step further in its attempts to acquire CW stockpiles .	9	Getting
The U . S . economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half - hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .	29	Creating
The U . S . economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half - hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .	31	Employment
The U . S . economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half - hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .	29	Creating
The U . S . economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half - hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .	31	Employment
After five years of easy credit , the Fed has reversed course , leaving no doubt about its commitment to fighting inflation in an economy that has finally started to gain momentum .	18	Commitment
After five years of easy credit , the Fed has reversed course , leaving no doubt about its commitment to fighting inflation in an economy that has finally started to gain momentum .	20	Hostile_encounter
After five years of easy credit , the Fed has reversed course , leaving no doubt about its commitment to fighting inflation in an economy that has finally started to gain momentum .	28	Process_start
QN : Has the Fed raised interest rates ?	5	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
After five years of easy credit , the Fed has reversed course , leaving no doubt about its commitment to fighting inflation in an economy that has finally started to gain momentum .	18	Commitment
After five years of easy credit , the Fed has reversed course , leaving no doubt about its commitment to fighting inflation in an economy that has finally started to gain momentum .	20	Hostile_encounter
After five years of easy credit , the Fed has reversed course , leaving no doubt about its commitment to fighting inflation in an economy that has finally started to gain momentum .	28	Process_start
QN : Did Austria encounter any difficulty in becoming a member of the EU ?	8	Becoming
There exists no evidence that Egypt has acquired biological weapons .	7	Getting
There exists no evidence that Egypt has acquired biological weapons .	1	Presence
Iran purchased plans for building a nuclear reactor from A . Q . Khan .	1	Commerce_buy
Iran purchased plans for building a nuclear reactor from A . Q . Khan .	4	Building
QN : Does Iran intend to build a nuclear reactor ?	6	Building
Iran purchased plans for building a nuclear reactor from A . Q . Khan .	1	Commerce_buy
Iran purchased plans for building a nuclear reactor from A . Q . Khan .	4	Building
Iran recently bought weapons - grade fissile material .	2	Commerce_buy
The stimulus package will jumpstart the economy and make sure it does n ' t slide into recession again .	15	Motion
The stimulus package will jumpstart the economy and make sure it does n ' t slide into recession again .	15	Motion
The stimulus package will jumpstart the economy and make sure it does n ' t slide into recession again .	15	Motion
Negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian authority have finally resumed .	0	Communication
QN : Is Israel and Palestinian authority negotiating ?	7	Communication
Negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian authority have finally resumed .	0	Communication
QN : Have there been previous negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian authority ?	4	Presence
QN : Have there been previous negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian authority ?	6	Communication
Negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian authority have finally resumed .	0	Communication
QN : Have negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian authority been uninterrupted ?	3	Communication
Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235 . 5 million , or $ 2 . 07 a share .	2	Catastrophe
Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235 . 5 million , or $ 2 . 07 a share .	3	Earnings_and_losses
Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235 . 5 million , or $ 2 . 07 a share .	10	Earnings_and_losses
The year - earlier results have been restated to reflect an accounting change .	4	Earnings_and_losses
The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago .	3	Process_start
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth - quarter results .	6	Confronting_problem
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth - quarter results .	12	Arriving
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth - quarter results .	32	Earnings_and_losses
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth - quarter results .	1	Causation
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto / homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .	11	Earnings_and_losses
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto / homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .	21	Earnings_and_losses
However , Aetna ' s employee benefits division , which includes its group health insurance operations , posted a 34 % profit gain to $ 106 million .	21	Earnings_and_losses
Third - quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit .	21	Commerce_sell
Third - quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit .	3	Earnings_and_losses
In the nine months , net rose 4 . 3 % to $ 525 . 8 million or $ 4 . 67 a share , from $ 504 . 2 million , or $ 4 . 41 a share , last year .	5	Earnings_and_losses
Some found it on the screen of a personal computer .	1	Know
Hundreds of Californians made their way to their computers after the quake , and checked in with each other on electronic bulletin boards , which link computers CB - radio - style , via phone lines .	3	Self_motion
Hundreds of Californians made their way to their computers after the quake , and checked in with each other on electronic bulletin boards , which link computers CB - radio - style , via phone lines .	5	Self_motion
Hundreds of Californians made their way to their computers after the quake , and checked in with each other on electronic bulletin boards , which link computers CB - radio - style , via phone lines .	19	Connect
I was in the avenues , on the third floor of an old building , and except for my heart ( Beat , BEAT ! ) I ' m OK .	6	Connect
This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child ' s toy block that was being tossed .	11	Process_start
This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child ' s toy block that was being tossed .	30	Motion
Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away .	3	Perception_active
12 : 48 a . m . LMEYER : Was 300 ft . out on a pier in San Rafael .	14	Connect
I actually thought that I might die .	6	Death
I could n ' t decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .	9	Arriving
I could n ' t decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .	18	Connect
I could n ' t decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .	14	Causation
I could n ' t decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .	5	Deciding
I decided to brave the storm .	1	Deciding
It ' s hard to believe this really is happening .	3	Confronting_problem
1 : 11 a . m . RD : Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room .	10	Connect
1 : 11 a . m . RD : Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room .	16	Causation
1 : 11 a . m . RD : Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room .	14	Damaging
Did n ' t feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior .	9	Know
Did n ' t feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior .	13	Action
The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals , and the mouse that ' s been living in my kitchen has taken refuge under my desk .	2	Motion
Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up and down , and the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm .	7	Self_motion
Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up and down , and the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm .	18	Perception_active
Everyone looked calm , but there was this surreal low level of confusion as the aftershocks continued .	6	Presence
He said that one of the computers took a three - foot trip sliding across the floor .	1	Statement
He said that one of the computers took a three - foot trip sliding across the floor .	12	Traveling
He said that one of the computers took a three - foot trip sliding across the floor .	13	Motion
Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it .	2	Know
Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it .	14	Self_motion
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .	3	Motion
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .	23	Motion
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .	11	Self_motion
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .	41	Self_motion
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .	19	Self_motion
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .	18	Arriving
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .	36	Perception_active
When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge , I began to cry .	13	Process_start
5 : 09 a . m . JROE : The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer .	21	Social_event
5 : 09 a . m . JROE : The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer .	30	Self_motion
5 : 09 a . m . JROE : The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer .	33	Ingestion
It ' s a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around .	7	Building
It ' s a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around .	9	Connect
The three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then when it kept on coming we lunged for the doorway .	16	Arriving
The three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then when it kept on coming we lunged for the doorway .	18	Self_motion
Needless to say , it was an interesting first session !	2	Statement
7 : 13 a . m . CALLIOPE : Albany escaped embarrassingly unscathed .	10	Preventing_or_letting
8 : 01 a . m . HLR : Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves .	20	Process_start
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn !	16	Know
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn !	22	Departing
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn !	27	Self_motion
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn !	4	Connect
9 : 31 a . m . GR8FLRED : It ' s amazing how one second can so completely change your life .	19	Change
9 : 38 a . m . FIG : I guess we ' re all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock .	10	Coming_to_believe
It ' s hard to accept that it ' s over and only took 15 seconds .	3	Confronting_problem
It ' s hard to accept that it ' s over and only took 15 seconds .	10	Process_end
I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning .	1	Self_motion
Why ca n ' t we teach our children to read , write and reckon ?	6	Education_teaching
Why ca n ' t we teach our children to read , write and reckon ?	12	Writing
These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment , our media , our politicians , and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them .	5	Education_teaching
In practice , it ends up being equated with a ` ` self - expression ' ' that encourages the youngsters ' ` ` self - esteem .	18	Influence
The whole notion of ` ` creativity ' ' in education was ( and is ) part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction , which was ( and is ) regarded as ` ` authoritarian , ' ' a repression and frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful , if as yet undefined , potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children .	22	Change_of_leadership
The whole notion of ` ` creativity ' ' in education was ( and is ) part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction , which was ( and is ) regarded as ` ` authoritarian , ' ' a repression and frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful , if as yet undefined , potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children .	25	Education_teaching
The whole notion of ` ` creativity ' ' in education was ( and is ) part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction , which was ( and is ) regarded as ` ` authoritarian , ' ' a repression and frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful , if as yet undefined , potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children .	10	Education_teaching
Their commitment to ` ` creativity ' ' can not survive adolescent illiteracy .	1	Commitment
It is nice for teachers to think they are engaged in ` ` personality development ' ' and even nicer to minimize those irksome tests with often disappointing results .	4	Education_teaching
It is nice for teachers to think they are engaged in ` ` personality development ' ' and even nicer to minimize those irksome tests with often disappointing results .	9	Action
I myself took such courses in college , thinking I might end up a schoolteacher .	14	Education_teaching
But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment .	7	Education_teaching
But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment .	13	Education_teaching
But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment .	5	Judgment_communication
I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching .	3	Education_teaching
I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching .	13	Commitment
They may not be among the ` ` best and brightest ' ' of their generation - - there are very few such people , by definition .	19	Presence
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .	11	Education_teaching
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .	10	Influence
If he is competent and conscientious , he serves us well .	8	Assistance
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis .	1	Education_teaching
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis .	9	Education_teaching
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis .	10	Catastrophe
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more .	6	Education_teaching
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more .	11	Education_teaching
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more .	18	Getting
It is the kind of libel the teachers ' unions do n ' t mind spreading , for their own narrow purposes .	7	Education_teaching
It is the kind of libel the teachers ' unions do n ' t mind spreading , for their own narrow purposes .	15	Dispersal
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it .	2	Presence
There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the poorest of ghettos , and they are all sending us the same message .	0	Presence
There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the poorest of ghettos , and they are all sending us the same message .	23	Sending
We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly washed away .	21	Removing
We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly washed away .	8	Cause_to_make_progress
Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n ' t work : - - ` ` Parental involvement ' ' is a bad idea .	30	Participation
Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n ' t work : - - ` ` Parental involvement ' ' is a bad idea .	9	Education_teaching
Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations of their children .	9	Education_teaching
Parents should be involved with their children ' s education at home , not in school .	3	Participation
Parents should be involved with their children ' s education at home , not in school .	9	Education_teaching
Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would - be politicians .	11	Becoming
Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would - be politicians .	1	Change_of_leadership
The reason is simple : Education takes place in the classroom , where the influence of money is minimal .	1	Causation
The reason is simple : Education takes place in the classroom , where the influence of money is minimal .	5	Education_teaching
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils - - though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .	3	Research
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils - - though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .	4	Telling
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils - - though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .	20	Education_teaching
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils - - though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .	2	Education_teaching
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils - - though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .	31	Causation
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past quarter - of - a - century - - we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world - - educational performance has declined .	1	Presence
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past quarter - of - a - century - - we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world - - educational performance has declined .	15	Presence
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past quarter - of - a - century - - we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world - - educational performance has declined .	38	Education_teaching
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past quarter - of - a - century - - we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world - - educational performance has declined .	11	Education_teaching
- - Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .	2	Education_teaching
- - Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .	7	Education_teaching
- - Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .	4	Motion
This means ` ` tracking , ' ' whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish ( though that is clearly desirable ) than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work .	34	Getting
This means ` ` tracking , ' ' whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish ( though that is clearly desirable ) than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work .	43	Arriving
This means ` ` tracking , ' ' whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish ( though that is clearly desirable ) than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work .	48	Employment
The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential .	6	Influence
The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential .	3	Education_teaching
The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential .	12	Coming_to_believe
They are based on dubious psychological and sociological theories rather than on educational experience .	12	Education_teaching
- - Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .	28	Education_teaching
Study after study - - the most recent from the Brookings Institution - - tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head .	14	Telling
Study after study - - the most recent from the Brookings Institution - - tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head .	27	Hindering
Study after study - - the most recent from the Brookings Institution - - tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head .	0	Scrutiny
Study after study - - the most recent from the Brookings Institution - - tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head .	2	Scrutiny
Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance .	8	Education_teaching
Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance .	7	Creating
Paula _ Zahn : Questions about the facts or what were presented as facts that led the United States into the war in Iraq spilled into open warfare today on the Senate floor .	21	Hostile_encounter
Paula _ Zahn : Questions about the facts or what were presented as facts that led the United States into the war in Iraq spilled into open warfare today on the Senate floor .	27	Hostile_encounter
Paula _ Zahn : Questions about the facts or what were presented as facts that led the United States into the war in Iraq spilled into open warfare today on the Senate floor .	29	Connect
Ed _ Henry : A Democratic sneak attack that sent shock waves through the Senate .	7	Attack
Ed _ Henry : A Democratic sneak attack that sent shock waves through the Senate .	9	Sending
Harry _ Reed : Mr . President enough time has gone by .	10	Motion
I demand on behalf of the American people that we understand why these investigations are n ' t being conducted .	1	Request
I demand on behalf of the American people that we understand why these investigations are n ' t being conducted .	13	Scrutiny
I demand on behalf of the American people that we understand why these investigations are n ' t being conducted .	19	Action
Ed _ Henry : An easy but rare maneuver with extraordinary consequences .	5	Confronting_problem
Bill _ Frist : Not with the previous Democratic leader or or the current Democratic leader have ever I been slapped in the face with such an affront to the leadership of this grand institution .	20	Bodily_harm
Bill _ Frist : There has been at least consideration for the other side of the aisle before a stunt .	6	Presence
Harry _ Reed : We have lost over two thousand of our best and bravest .	6	Earnings_and_losses
Over fifteen thousand have been seriously wounded .	6	Bodily_harm
Ed _ Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they ' re ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president ' s latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .	5	Statement
Ed _ Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they ' re ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president ' s latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .	10	Communication
Ed _ Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they ' re ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president ' s latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .	14	GetReady
Ed _ Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they ' re ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president ' s latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .	52	Hostile_encounter
Ed _ Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they ' re ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president ' s latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .	33	Choosing
Ed _ Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they ' re ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president ' s latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .	37	Action
A debate that ' s likely to rage on for many many months to come .	1	Communication
The most common and deadly form has already spread in birds from South Asia to Europe .	4	Killing
Paula _ Zahn : Speeding up production of vaccines and buying the anti - viral drugs ( ( Tamoflu ) ) and ( ( Rolenzo ) ) which in some cases prevent flu infection .	6	Manufacturing
Paula _ Zahn : Speeding up production of vaccines and buying the anti - viral drugs ( ( Tamoflu ) ) and ( ( Rolenzo ) ) which in some cases prevent flu infection .	10	Commerce_buy
Paula _ Zahn : Speeding up production of vaccines and buying the anti - viral drugs ( ( Tamoflu ) ) and ( ( Rolenzo ) ) which in some cases prevent flu infection .	31	Preventing_or_letting
Paula _ Zahn : Where bird flu has in the past two years killed at least sixty - two people .	13	Killing
On one hand it is it is remarkable that the president is devoting as much time and as much money uh all towards a disease that does n ' t exist yet .	0	Connect
On one hand it is it is remarkable that the president is devoting as much time and as much money uh all towards a disease that does n ' t exist yet .	30	Presence
Dr _ Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .	14	Action
Dr _ Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .	19	Statement
Dr _ Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .	35	Communication
They are antiviral drugs uh designed to basically shorten uh how bad the flu might effect you uh try to lessen its impact .	5	Creating
Dr _ Gupto : But we only know that it might work because of laboratory studies and animal studies uh uh in particular .	15	Scrutiny
Paula _ Zahn : Dr . Sanjay Gupto thanks for the update .	8	Judgment_communication
I can assure you that Paula .	2	Telling
I made a free house call for you doctor .	3	Cost
I made a free house call for you doctor .	5	Traveling
Fossils tell an obscure story of man ' s slow and sporadic development .	1	Telling
Around 3000 b . c . , native Archaic Indians began to develop a lasting hunting and gathering culture .	10	Process_start
Around 3000 b . c . , native Archaic Indians began to develop a lasting hunting and gathering culture .	12	Cause_to_make_progress
Many springs lay in areas that would eventually become the center of the modern Las Vegas metropolis .	2	Placing
Many springs lay in areas that would eventually become the center of the modern Las Vegas metropolis .	8	Becoming
This permitted the Anasazi to achieve a benchmark of advanced society - - the ability to live in permanent shelters year - round without need to follow wildlife .	5	Achieve
This permitted the Anasazi to achieve a benchmark of advanced society - - the ability to live in permanent shelters year - round without need to follow wildlife .	1	Preventing_or_letting
Unable to replicate the agricultural techniques of the Anasazi , the Paiutes were destined to a semi - nomadic lifestyle until European settlers arrived , changing the nature of existence in the valley forever .	23	Arriving
Unable to replicate the agricultural techniques of the Anasazi , the Paiutes were destined to a semi - nomadic lifestyle until European settlers arrived , changing the nature of existence in the valley forever .	25	Change
Unable to replicate the agricultural techniques of the Anasazi , the Paiutes were destined to a semi - nomadic lifestyle until European settlers arrived , changing the nature of existence in the valley forever .	29	Presence
In 1844 , American explorer John C . Fremont parked his horses at Big Springs , and his report to the government resulted in a mail route leading past the spot on its way to California .	9	Placing
In 1844 , American explorer John C . Fremont parked his horses at Big Springs , and his report to the government resulted in a mail route leading past the spot on its way to California .	18	Statement
In 1844 , American explorer John C . Fremont parked his horses at Big Springs , and his report to the government resulted in a mail route leading past the spot on its way to California .	22	Causation
In 1855 , Mormon leader Brigham Young responded to promising reports of Las Vegas by sending 30 missionary settlers to the valley ; they eventually built a fort not far from today ' s Downtown .	7	Response
In 1855 , Mormon leader Brigham Young responded to promising reports of Las Vegas by sending 30 missionary settlers to the valley ; they eventually built a fort not far from today ' s Downtown .	10	Statement
In 1855 , Mormon leader Brigham Young responded to promising reports of Las Vegas by sending 30 missionary settlers to the valley ; they eventually built a fort not far from today ' s Downtown .	25	Building
Surrounded by acres of farmland hewn from the hard desert , the adobe fort became a focal point for the development of Las Vegas for the next fifty years .	14	Becoming
Additional pressures from arriving miners pushed the missionaries ' plight beyond recovery .	3	Arriving
Additional pressures from arriving miners pushed the missionaries ' plight beyond recovery .	5	Motion
Despite the fact that the local land was rich in silver , by 1865 most of the mining traffic through Las Vegas was of prospectors headed to California or Northern Nevada in search of gold .	25	Self_motion
Despite the fact that the local land was rich in silver , by 1865 most of the mining traffic through Las Vegas was of prospectors headed to California or Northern Nevada in search of gold .	32	Scrutiny
He expanded the ranch and irrigated the land so that it would support crops and cattle .	1	Expansion
He expanded the ranch and irrigated the land so that it would support crops and cattle .	12	Supporting
His determination had other results as well : Gass was named a justice of the peace and a territorial legislator .	4	Causation
In 1903 , officials of the San Pedro , Los Angeles , and Salt Lake Railroad arrived in Las Vegas , eager to secure a right - of - way for their Los Angeles - Salt Lake connection .	16	Arriving
In 1903 , officials of the San Pedro , Los Angeles , and Salt Lake Railroad arrived in Las Vegas , eager to secure a right - of - way for their Los Angeles - Salt Lake connection .	23	Getting
As mapped , the track traveled directly through Helen Stewart ' s Las Vegas Ranch .	5	Traveling
Stewart sold 99 . 5 percent of her ranch to the railroad .	1	Commerce_sell
Land speculators and locals alike were anxious to own a part of the newest railroad boomtown , and within an afternoon , more than 80 percent of the lots were sold .	30	Commerce_sell
With rail service in place and forty blocks of private property , it was ready to become a real town .	16	Becoming
With rail service in place and forty blocks of private property , it was ready to become a real town .	18	Presence
Businesses sprang up overnight , and wooden houses were erected to replace the tent city in which many of the early settlers had lived .	1	Coming_to_be
Businesses sprang up overnight , and wooden houses were erected to replace the tent city in which many of the early settlers had lived .	9	Building
From the beginning , Las Vegas was built to serve travelers .	7	Building
From the beginning , Las Vegas was built to serve travelers .	10	Traveling
From the beginning , Las Vegas was built to serve travelers .	9	Assistance
Growth continued for ten years , and by 1915 the town had telephones , round - the - clock electricity , and a growing population - - many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop .	0	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Growth continued for ten years , and by 1915 the town had telephones , round - the - clock electricity , and a growing population - - many of whom worked in the railroad repair shop .	30	Employment
But such heady progress would soon come to a halt .	6	Arriving
The growing competition in rail transport resulted in Union Pacific buying the Los Angeles - Salt Lake line .	5	Bringing
The growing competition in rail transport resulted in Union Pacific buying the Los Angeles - Salt Lake line .	6	Causation
The growing competition in rail transport resulted in Union Pacific buying the Los Angeles - Salt Lake line .	10	Commerce_buy
The growing competition in rail transport resulted in Union Pacific buying the Los Angeles - Salt Lake line .	2	Competition
These unfortunate circumstances threatened to relegate Las Vegas to the status of a small desert community that could no longer support its 3000 residents .	20	Supporting
Providing an influx of $ 165 million to the southwestern economy , Hoover Dam played a major role in preventing Las Vegas from drying up , both financially and literally .	0	Supply
Providing an influx of $ 165 million to the southwestern economy , Hoover Dam played a major role in preventing Las Vegas from drying up , both financially and literally .	2	Arriving
Providing an influx of $ 165 million to the southwestern economy , Hoover Dam played a major role in preventing Las Vegas from drying up , both financially and literally .	19	Preventing_or_letting
The construction of Hoover Dam did not single - handedly save Las Vegas , however .	1	Building
Vices outlawed or heavily controlled elsewhere were legal here , available any hour of any day ( or night ) .	7	Legality
Additional catalysts for the valley ' s growth came from World War II .	11	Hostile_encounter
Additional catalysts for the valley ' s growth came from World War II .	7	Expansion
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School ( which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site ) in the north , and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson , arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America ' s war effort .	9	Becoming
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School ( which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site ) in the north , and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson , arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America ' s war effort .	34	Arriving
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School ( which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site ) in the north , and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson , arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America ' s war effort .	41	Causation
Both the Las Vegas Aerial Gunnery School ( which became Nellis Air Force Base and the Nevada Test Site ) in the north , and Basic Magnesium in the nearby town of Henderson , arrived in the early 1940s as a result of America ' s war effort .	46	Hostile_encounter
While many gambling halls opened Downtown in the 1930s and early 1940s , only two were built on the stretch of old Los Angeles Highway that ultimately became the Strip .	16	Building
While many gambling halls opened Downtown in the 1930s and early 1940s , only two were built on the stretch of old Los Angeles Highway that ultimately became the Strip .	17	Connect
While many gambling halls opened Downtown in the 1930s and early 1940s , only two were built on the stretch of old Los Angeles Highway that ultimately became the Strip .	27	Becoming
By 1945 Siegel had become one of Las Vegas ' s original visionaries , planning an opulent resort on the southern end of the LA Highway .	4	Becoming
By 1945 Siegel had become one of Las Vegas ' s original visionaries , planning an opulent resort on the southern end of the LA Highway .	18	Connect
Emerging stars , no longer content with playing small nightclubs , came to Las Vegas with dreams of making it big .	0	Coming_to_be
Emerging stars , no longer content with playing small nightclubs , came to Las Vegas with dreams of making it big .	11	Arriving
Frank Sinatra , Wayne Newton , and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written .	10	Arriving
Frank Sinatra , Wayne Newton , and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written .	16	Know
Frank Sinatra , Wayne Newton , and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written .	29	Writing
Frank Sinatra , Wayne Newton , and Louis Prima each arrived with mediocre status and suddenly found themselves with names as big as the marquees on which they were written .	25	Connect
The Thunderbird , Desert Inn , Sahara , Sands , and Riviera hotels were erected during this period , luring a curious clientele drawn by tales of all - night partying , exclusive entertainment , and cheap accommodations .	14	Building
The Thunderbird , Desert Inn , Sahara , Sands , and Riviera hotels were erected during this period , luring a curious clientele drawn by tales of all - night partying , exclusive entertainment , and cheap accommodations .	23	Motion
The Thunderbird , Desert Inn , Sahara , Sands , and Riviera hotels were erected during this period , luring a curious clientele drawn by tales of all - night partying , exclusive entertainment , and cheap accommodations .	36	Cost
Organized crime was soon to have a formidable adversary in its bid to control Las Vegas - - corporate cash .	1	Committing_crime
That would change dramatically with the 1966 arrival of billionaire Howard Hughes .	7	Arriving
A legitimate businessman , Hughes was nonetheless eccentric and dramatic , a style suited to the Las Vegas ethos .	1	Legality
Several weeks later he was asked - - then ordered - - to vacate the room to make room for high rollers , whereupon he promptly bought the property and fired the management .	5	Request
Several weeks later he was asked - - then ordered - - to vacate the room to make room for high rollers , whereupon he promptly bought the property and fired the management .	9	Request
Several weeks later he was asked - - then ordered - - to vacate the room to make room for high rollers , whereupon he promptly bought the property and fired the management .	26	Commerce_buy
Thus began Hughes ' legendary three - year , $ 300 - million Las Vegas buying spree .	1	Process_start
Thus began Hughes ' legendary three - year , $ 300 - million Las Vegas buying spree .	15	Commerce_buy
As corporations moved in and the mob was slowly pushed out , a new Las Vegas emerged .	2	Motion
As corporations moved in and the mob was slowly pushed out , a new Las Vegas emerged .	9	Motion
As corporations moved in and the mob was slowly pushed out , a new Las Vegas emerged .	16	Coming_to_be
He bought several Strip properties - - the Silver Slipper and Castaways among them - - and demolished them to make way for a new kind of resort - - Mirage - - which became an instant success .	1	Commerce_buy
He bought several Strip properties - - the Silver Slipper and Castaways among them - - and demolished them to make way for a new kind of resort - - Mirage - - which became an instant success .	17	Destroying
He bought several Strip properties - - the Silver Slipper and Castaways among them - - and demolished them to make way for a new kind of resort - - Mirage - - which became an instant success .	34	Becoming
This trend has led to many more demolitions , including the Dunes ( replaced by Bellagio ) , Aladdin ( the new Aladdin ) and Sands ( Venetian ) hotels .	3	Causation
This trend has led to many more demolitions , including the Dunes ( replaced by Bellagio ) , Aladdin ( the new Aladdin ) and Sands ( Venetian ) hotels .	7	Destroying
Excalibur , the MGM Grand , the Luxor , and New York - New York all followed Mirage ' s lead during the 1990s , offering themed environments and attractions for families .	25	Giving
Additionally , a handful of resorts - - such as the South - Seas themed Mandalay Bay , the Mirage , and the new Four Seasons - - are now catering exclusively to the luxury travel market .	30	Assistance
Additionally , a handful of resorts - - such as the South - Seas themed Mandalay Bay , the Mirage , and the new Four Seasons - - are now catering exclusively to the luxury travel market .	35	Traveling
Perhaps more important , such high - end accommodations raise the standards of expectations back to the mythology of the Rat Pack era .	9	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .	7	Confronting_problem
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .	10	Earnings_and_losses
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .	19	Building
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .	9	Traveling
The growth that has characterized Las Vegas for nearly a century may be facing a roadblock .	1	Expansion
BASRA , Iraq ( AP ) A U . S . lawmaker assessing the impact of U . N . sanctions on Iraq said Wednesday it is important not only to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction but also to do more to ease the hardships on ordinary Iraqis .	23	Statement
BASRA , Iraq ( AP ) A U . S . lawmaker assessing the impact of U . N . sanctions on Iraq said Wednesday it is important not only to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction but also to do more to ease the hardships on ordinary Iraqis .	44	Action
BASRA , Iraq ( AP ) A U . S . lawmaker assessing the impact of U . N . sanctions on Iraq said Wednesday it is important not only to force Baghdad to give up its weapons of mass destruction but also to do more to ease the hardships on ordinary Iraqis .	20	Revenge
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .	11	Request
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .	14	Process_end
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .	28	Statement
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .	34	Check
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .	39	Bodily_harm
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .	16	Revenge
One way would be to speed up the flow of health supplies and other urgent commodities to the country under a U . N . humanitarian program , he said .	29	Statement
The U . S . government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons .	6	Statement
The U . S . government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons .	15	Commerce_buy
The U . S . government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons .	28	Using
The U . S . government says it wants to ensure that Iraq is not buying items that appear to be humanitarian in nature but that could be used for making weapons .	30	Creating
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , urges the United Nations to allow a freer flow of food and medicine into Iraq .	9	Convincing
Rep . Tony Hall , D - Ohio , urges the United Nations to allow a freer flow of food and medicine into Iraq .	14	Preventing_or_letting
Hall , who recently returned from a trip to Iraq , said U . N . economic sanctions have hurt millions of civilians there .	4	Arriving
Hall , who recently returned from a trip to Iraq , said U . N . economic sanctions have hurt millions of civilians there .	7	Traveling
Hall , who recently returned from a trip to Iraq , said U . N . economic sanctions have hurt millions of civilians there .	11	Statement
Hall , who recently returned from a trip to Iraq , said U . N . economic sanctions have hurt millions of civilians there .	17	Revenge
Hall , who recently returned from a trip to Iraq , said U . N . economic sanctions have hurt millions of civilians there .	19	Bodily_harm
Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier .	5	Confronting_problem
Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier .	16	Confronting_problem
I often feel as if I only get half the story sometimes , so I typically do a massive amount of reporting that is most often much more than I will ever need .	7	Getting
I often feel as if I only get half the story sometimes , so I typically do a massive amount of reporting that is most often much more than I will ever need .	16	Action
I think that is why I welcomed doing a book - - it gives one the ability to use so much of what is left on the cutting room floor of daily journalism .	18	Using
I think that is why I welcomed doing a book - - it gives one the ability to use so much of what is left on the cutting room floor of daily journalism .	13	Giving
In any case , there certainly is no lack of information available about the moguls of technology now as they all become our current pop icons .	6	Presence
In any case , there certainly is no lack of information available about the moguls of technology now as they all become our current pop icons .	21	Becoming
I would posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur .	12	Becoming
I personally always thought it was a risk to pin the image of Microsoft on just one man - - at AOL , for example , there was a conscious effort to develop other ` ` characters , ' ' for lack of a better word .	5	Presence
I personally always thought it was a risk to pin the image of Microsoft on just one man - - at AOL , for example , there was a conscious effort to develop other ` ` characters , ' ' for lack of a better word .	9	Judgment_communication
I personally always thought it was a risk to pin the image of Microsoft on just one man - - at AOL , for example , there was a conscious effort to develop other ` ` characters , ' ' for lack of a better word .	32	Cause_to_make_progress
Steve Ballmer , of course , is now getting a lot more attention at Microsoft , but it still seems to be Bill ' s show over there .	8	Getting
That ' s ironic , since I think it was just that insularity that helped them , much in the same way that AOL has benefited from being in the Virginia suburbs rather than in Silicon Valley .	14	Assistance
That ' s ironic , since I think it was just that insularity that helped them , much in the same way that AOL has benefited from being in the Virginia suburbs rather than in Silicon Valley .	5	Causation
Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate ?	7	Causation
Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate ?	12	Influence
Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate ?	10	Preventing_or_letting
Or will it be none of them because the Internet allows and encourages a plethora of strong companies and a complex interconnection of businesses where none are allowed to dominate ?	27	Preventing_or_letting
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company - - whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney - - is in charge of all our destinies : Babylon was .	2	Using
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company - - whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney - - is in charge of all our destinies : Babylon was .	8	Telling
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company - - whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney - - is in charge of all our destinies : Babylon was .	34	Presence
Perhaps you could hasten a prediction of where this is all going .	11	Motion
Perhaps you could hasten a prediction of where this is all going .	3	Self_motion
As for me , I ' ll stick with my philosophy of reporting and , I guess , life - - nobody knows .	16	Coming_to_believe
I HAVE NOT TALKED TO YOU IN A WHILE .	3	Communication
SOUNDS LIKE THIS IS GOING TO BE A GREAT BACHELOR PARTY .	10	Social_event
U . S . Democratic Party Congressman Tony Hall left here Thursday after concluding his landmark visit to Iraq , which has been under sweeping U . N . sanctions since 1990 .	9	Departing
U . S . Democratic Party Congressman Tony Hall left here Thursday after concluding his landmark visit to Iraq , which has been under sweeping U . N . sanctions since 1990 .	16	Traveling
U . S . Democratic Party Congressman Tony Hall left here Thursday after concluding his landmark visit to Iraq , which has been under sweeping U . N . sanctions since 1990 .	29	Revenge
In a statement , Hall expressed regret over the negative impacts of the decade - old sanctions on Iraqi people .	2	Statement
In a statement , Hall expressed regret over the negative impacts of the decade - old sanctions on Iraqi people .	16	Revenge
The U . S . lawmaker got acquainted with the sufferings of the Iraqi children because of acute shortage of food and medicine as a direct result of the embargo , reported the Iraqi News Agency ( INA ) .	11	Causation
The U . S . lawmaker got acquainted with the sufferings of the Iraqi children because of acute shortage of food and medicine as a direct result of the embargo , reported the Iraqi News Agency ( INA ) .	26	Causation
The U . S . lawmaker got acquainted with the sufferings of the Iraqi children because of acute shortage of food and medicine as a direct result of the embargo , reported the Iraqi News Agency ( INA ) .	31	Statement
Hall said on Monday that he regretted the miserable humanitarian situation in Iraq while visiting a hospital in the Mansour district of the Iraqi capital .	1	Statement
Hall said on Monday that he regretted the miserable humanitarian situation in Iraq while visiting a hospital in the Mansour district of the Iraqi capital .	14	Arriving
Iraq has claimed that over 1 . 2 million people , mostly children and the elderly , have died during the last 10 years , and blames the deaths on shortages of food , medicine and other essential supplies .	2	Statement
Iraq has claimed that over 1 . 2 million people , mostly children and the elderly , have died during the last 10 years , and blames the deaths on shortages of food , medicine and other essential supplies .	18	Death
Iraq has claimed that over 1 . 2 million people , mostly children and the elderly , have died during the last 10 years , and blames the deaths on shortages of food , medicine and other essential supplies .	28	Death
` ` There are a lot of issues I want to look at , but the issue of humanitarian concerns is number one , ' ' he said .	3	Presence
` ` There are a lot of issues I want to look at , but the issue of humanitarian concerns is number one , ' ' he said .	11	Perception_active
` ` There are a lot of issues I want to look at , but the issue of humanitarian concerns is number one , ' ' he said .	27	Statement
I want to say Oklahoma .	3	Statement
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let ' s just screwing up the system uh .	11	Building
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let ' s just screwing up the system uh .	46	Process_start
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let ' s just screwing up the system uh .	7	Process_end
I just saw on the news last night that they said the average time a sentenced murderer , you know , is in jail is two years before he ' s paroled and a rapists is like six months and a burglar is like two months .	10	Statement
I just saw on the news last night that they said the average time a sentenced murderer , you know , is in jail is two years before he ' s paroled and a rapists is like six months and a burglar is like two months .	16	Killing
Because they just say there ' s either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it ' s just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he ' s going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what ' s his whim to decide it should be two months .	3	Statement
Because they just say there ' s either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it ' s just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he ' s going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what ' s his whim to decide it should be two months .	5	Presence
So what , you know , let ' s quit BSing with the system .	9	Process_end
Uh , when there ' s - uh my understanding - when there ' s , uh , a verdict and it , for example , there ' s a hung jury here in Fort Worth two day in eight to four and bam bam the guy got off .	4	Presence
Uh , he was , uh , he - he - was a veterinarian and killed two - a father and a son - okay .	15	Killing
And the victims you know the family of these people that have been murdered they just have to have it dragged on for years and years before they ever get any resolution .	2	Catastrophe
And the victims you know the family of these people that have been murdered they just have to have it dragged on for years and years before they ever get any resolution .	13	Killing
Exactly because it ' s not next day they have the start the trial which is X number of months and just prolongs the situation that much more .	1	Causation
Exactly because it ' s not next day they have the start the trial which is X number of months and just prolongs the situation that much more .	11	Process_start
Well if I - I saw on one of the talk shows this woman judge i believe from Florida and she just has just really stiff penalties and i saw that in in the hands of a judge that really was conscientious and really , you know , took the pains to give a sentence for what was deserved , it could - you could have a - a judge that would really make a good impact , but likewise you could have the flip side and have some judge that was paid off or you know had good - a good old boy network , or , for whatever reasons , you know , politics , just let all kinds of people through so he - he would have a heck - or - she would have a heck of a lot of power , you know , if used wrongly .	52	Giving
Well if I - I saw on one of the talk shows this woman judge i believe from Florida and she just has just really stiff penalties and i saw that in in the hands of a judge that really was conscientious and really , you know , took the pains to give a sentence for what was deserved , it could - you could have a - a judge that would really make a good impact , but likewise you could have the flip side and have some judge that was paid off or you know had good - a good old boy network , or , for whatever reasons , you know , politics , just let all kinds of people through so he - he would have a heck - or - she would have a heck of a lot of power , you know , if used wrongly .	150	Using
So , at least the jury system does something to prevent that , you know , or help it - with it - anyway .	7	Action
So , at least the jury system does something to prevent that , you know , or help it - with it - anyway .	10	Preventing_or_letting
So , at least the jury system does something to prevent that , you know , or help it - with it - anyway .	17	Assistance
I do n ' t know if it prevents it but seems like the jury system does have it ' s advantages , but i also - i ' ve also heard on trials that sometimes they go through , like , three hundred jurors before they hand pick these jurors that they think are going to be the ones that are going to be the most lenient you know .	8	Preventing_or_letting
I do n ' t know if it prevents it but seems like the jury system does have it ' s advantages , but i also - i ' ve also heard on trials that sometimes they go through , like , three hundred jurors before they hand pick these jurors that they think are going to be the ones that are going to be the most lenient you know .	48	Choosing
And i do n ' t know how much they ' re getting just a jury of their peers at that point .	12	Getting
Yeah , yeah , I get back to Price ' s comment when he , uh , was found guilty he said , well , he did n ' t have any blacks , uh , you know from his neck of the woods .	11	Statement
Yeah , yeah , I get back to Price ' s comment when he , uh , was found guilty he said , well , he did n ' t have any blacks , uh , you know from his neck of the woods .	21	Statement
Well , give me a break you know .	2	Giving
Well , this has been an interesting conversation .	7	Communication
Okay thanks a lot .	1	Judgment_communication
Oh goodness well i ' ll let you get .	6	Preventing_or_letting
A cold and melancholy walk of a couple of miles brought us to a high wooden gate , which opened into a gloomy avenue of chestnuts .	4	Self_motion
A cold and melancholy walk of a couple of miles brought us to a high wooden gate , which opened into a gloomy avenue of chestnuts .	10	Bringing
He stepped across the grass plot and tapped with his hand on the pane .	1	Self_motion
Then when you tapped at the window I thought it had come again . "	11	Arriving
" That what had come again ? "	4	Arriving
I don ' t know what made me look up , but there was a face looking in at me through the lower pane .	8	Perception_active
I don ' t know what made me look up , but there was a face looking in at me through the lower pane .	16	Perception_active
I don ' t know what made me look up , but there was a face looking in at me through the lower pane .	6	Causation
And the look of it - the great staring goggle eyes , and the line of white teeth like a hungry beast .	8	Perception_active
I tell you , sir , I couldn ' t move a finger , nor get my breath , till it whisked away and was gone .	1	Telling
I tell you , sir , I couldn ' t move a finger , nor get my breath , till it whisked away and was gone .	21	Self_motion
Out I ran and through the shrubbery , but thank God there was no one there . "	2	Self_motion
Out I ran and through the shrubbery , but thank God there was no one there . "	11	Presence
" If I didn ' t know you were a good man , Walters , I should put a black mark against you for this .	17	Placing
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .	5	Statement
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .	24	Statement
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .	20	Wearing
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .	10	Scrutiny
" He seems to have broken through the shrubbery and made for the road . "	10	Self_motion
" Well , " said the inspector with a grave and thoughtful face , " whoever he may have been , and whatever he may have wanted , he ' s gone for the present , and we have more immediate things to attend to .	4	Statement
The various bedrooms and sitting - rooms had yielded nothing to a careful search .	13	Scrutiny
Apparently the tenants had brought little or nothing with them , and all the furniture down to the smallest details had been taken over with the house .	4	Bringing
" Nothing in all this , " said Baynes , stalking , candle in hand , from room to room .	7	Statement
" Nothing in all this , " said Baynes , stalking , candle in hand , from room to room .	10	Self_motion
The table was piled with half - eaten dishes and dirty plates , the debris of last night ' s dinner .	20	Social_event
The table was piled with half - eaten dishes and dirty plates , the debris of last night ' s dinner .	7	Ingestion
" Look at this , " said Baynes .	1	Perception_active
" Look at this , " said Baynes .	6	Statement
He held up his candle before an extraordinary object which stood at the back of the dresser .	10	Placing
He held up his candle before an extraordinary object which stood at the back of the dresser .	1	Hold
It was so wrinkled and shrunken and withered that it was difficult to say what it might have been .	11	Confronting_problem
It was so wrinkled and shrunken and withered that it was difficult to say what it might have been .	13	Statement
Finally I was left in doubt as to whether it was animal or human .	3	Causation
" Very interesting - very interesting , indeed ! " said Holmes , peering at this sinister relic .	13	Perception_active
" Very interesting - very interesting , indeed ! " said Holmes , peering at this sinister relic .	10	Statement
" A white cock , " said he .	6	Statement
From under the sink he drew a zinc pail which contained a quantity of blood .	10	Containing
From under the sink he drew a zinc pail which contained a quantity of blood .	5	Motion
Then from the table he took a platter heaped with small pieces of charred bone .	5	Removing
We raked all these out of the fire .	1	Motion
Holmes smiled and rubbed his hands .	3	Hold
If they did we should have them , for every port is watched .	12	Perception_active
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "	8	Statement
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "	13	Resolve_problem
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "	17	Assistance
" Well , well , Inspector , " said he .	8	Statement
I could tell by numerous subtle signs , which might have been lost upon anyone but myself , that Holmes was on a hot scent .	2	Know
As impassive as ever to the casual observer , there were none the less a subdued eagerness and suggestion of tension in his brightened eyes and brisker manner which assured me that the game was afoot .	9	Presence
As impassive as ever to the casual observer , there were none the less a subdued eagerness and suggestion of tension in his brightened eyes and brisker manner which assured me that the game was afoot .	27	Action
All would come round to me in due time .	2	Arriving
Day succeeded day , and my friend took no step forward .	9	Self_motion
One morning he spent in town , and I learned from a casual reference that he had visited the British Museum .	9	Know
One morning he spent in town , and I learned from a casual reference that he had visited the British Museum .	17	Traveling
" It is very pleasant to see the first green shoots upon the hedges and the catkins on the hazels once again .	11	Connect
" It is very pleasant to see the first green shoots upon the hedges and the catkins on the hazels once again .	17	Connect
Occasionally in our rambles we came across Inspector Baynes .	5	Know
Occasionally in our rambles we came across Inspector Baynes .	3	Self_motion
He said little about the case , but from that little we gathered that he also was not dissatisfied at the course of events .	1	Statement
He said little about the case , but from that little we gathered that he also was not dissatisfied at the course of events .	12	Coming_to_believe
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :	26	Know
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :	18	Committing_crime
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :	2	Reveal_secret
Holmes sprang in his chair as if he had been stung when I read the headlines .	1	Self_motion
Every effort was made by Inspector Baynes , who has the case in hand , to ascertain the hiding place of the fugitives , and he had good reason to believe that they had not gone far but were lurking in some retreat which had been already prepared .	16	Coming_to_believe
Every effort was made by Inspector Baynes , who has the case in hand , to ascertain the hiding place of the fugitives , and he had good reason to believe that they had not gone far but were lurking in some retreat which had been already prepared .	35	Motion
Inspector Baynes , considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely , therefore , to be repeated , abandoned the house but left an ambuscade in the shrubbery .	7	Traveling
We understand that when the prison is brought before the magistrates a remand will be applied for by the police , and that great developments are hoped from his capture . "	7	Bringing
We hurried down the village street and found , as we had expected , that the inspector was just leaving his lodgings .	7	Know
We hurried down the village street and found , as we had expected , that the inspector was just leaving his lodgings .	19	Departing
We hurried down the village street and found , as we had expected , that the inspector was just leaving his lodgings .	1	Self_motion
" I have looked into this case with some care , and I am not convinced that you are on the right lines .	3	Scrutiny
" I assure you I speak for your good . "	2	Telling
" Oh , very good , " said Holmes .	7	Statement
Well , as he says , we must each try our own way and see what comes of it .	4	Statement
But there ' s something in Inspector Baynes which I can ' t quite understand . "	1	Presence
" Just sit down in that chair , Watson , " said Sherlock Holmes when we had returned to our apartment at the Bull .	17	Arriving
" Just sit down in that chair , Watson , " said Sherlock Holmes when we had returned to our apartment at the Bull .	11	Statement
Let me show you the evolution of this case so far as I have been able to follow it .	5	Coming_to_be
" We will go back to the note which was handed in to Garcia upon the evening of his death .	19	Death
" We will go back to the note which was handed in to Garcia upon the evening of his death .	10	Giving
We may put aside this idea of Baynes ' s that Garcia ' s servants were concerned in the matter .	16	Participation
It was Garcia , then , who had an enterprise , and apparently a criminal enterprise , in hand that night in the course of which he met his death .	29	Death
" We can now see a reason for the disappearance of Garcia ' s household .	9	Departing
" We can now see a reason for the disappearance of Garcia ' s household .	6	Causation
If it came off when Garcia returned , any possible suspicion would be warded off by the Englishman ' s evidence , and all would be well .	6	Arriving
It had been arranged , therefore , that in such a case his two subordinates were to make for some prearranged spot where they could escape investigation and be in a position afterwards to renew their attempt .	25	Preventing_or_letting
It had been arranged , therefore , that in such a case his two subordinates were to make for some prearranged spot where they could escape investigation and be in a position afterwards to renew their attempt .	26	Criminal_investigation
It had been arranged , therefore , that in such a case his two subordinates were to make for some prearranged spot where they could escape investigation and be in a position afterwards to renew their attempt .	17	Self_motion
" The next step is the note received by Garcia at the dinner .	12	Social_event
" The next step is the note received by Garcia at the dinner .	7	Receiving
I have already shown you that it could only lie in some large house , and that the number of large houses is limited .	3	Protest
I have already shown you that it could only lie in some large house , and that the number of large houses is limited .	9	Placing
My first days in this village were devoted to a series of walks in which in the intervals of my botanical researches I made a reconnaissance of all the large houses and an examination of the family history of the occupants .	21	Research
My first days in this village were devoted to a series of walks in which in the intervals of my botanical researches I made a reconnaissance of all the large houses and an examination of the family history of the occupants .	12	Self_motion
My first days in this village were devoted to a series of walks in which in the intervals of my botanical researches I made a reconnaissance of all the large houses and an examination of the family history of the occupants .	33	Scrutiny
My first days in this village were devoted to a series of walks in which in the intervals of my botanical researches I made a reconnaissance of all the large houses and an examination of the family history of the occupants .	25	Scrutiny
It is the famous old Jacobean grange of High Gable , one mile on the farther side of Oxshott , and less than half a mile from the scene of the tragedy .	31	Catastrophe
But Mr . Henderson , of High Gable , was by all accounts a curious man to whom curious adventures might befall .	21	Catastrophe
He is a man of fifty , strong , active , with iron - gray hair , great bunched black eyebrows , the step of a deer and the air of an emperor - a fierce , masterful man , with a red - hot spirit behind his parchment face .	23	Self_motion
You see , Watson , we have come already upon two sets of foreigners - one at Wisteria Lodge and one at High Gable - so our gaps are beginning to close .	29	Process_start
You see , Watson , we have come already upon two sets of foreigners - one at Wisteria Lodge and one at High Gable - so our gaps are beginning to close .	7	Know
I may add that he is enormously rich , and whatever his whims may be he can very easily satisfy them .	2	Statement
" So much I learned partly from village gossip and partly from my own observation .	8	Communication
" So much I learned partly from village gossip and partly from my own observation .	4	Coming_to_believe
" So much I learned partly from village gossip and partly from my own observation .	14	Perception_active
I call it luck , but it would not have come my way had I not been looking out for it .	1	Labeling
I call it luck , but it would not have come my way had I not been looking out for it .	17	Scrutiny
Governess and children hardly go out at all , except into the garden .	4	Motion
Henderson never by any chance walks alone .	5	Self_motion
The gossip among the servants is that their master is terribly afraid of something .	1	Communication
Twice Henderson has lashed at folk with his dog - whip , and only his long purse and heavy compensation have kept him out of the courts .	3	Bodily_harm
Who wrote the note ?	1	Writing
What , then , might she be expected to do if she heard of his death ?	15	Death
What , then , might she be expected to do if she heard of his death ?	9	Action
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .	21	Assistance
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .	16	Killing
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .	29	Revenge
From that evening she has utterly vanished .	6	Departing
There is the point which we still have to decide .	9	Deciding
" You will appreciate the difficulty of the situation , Watson .	5	Confronting_problem
The woman ' s disappearance counts for nothing , since in that extraordinary household any member of it might be invisible for a week .	9	Causation
The woman ' s disappearance counts for nothing , since in that extraordinary household any member of it might be invisible for a week .	4	Departing
All I can do is to watch the house and leave my agent , Warner , on guard at the gates .	6	Perception_active
All I can do is to watch the house and leave my agent , Warner , on guard at the gates .	3	Action
My suggestion is that you and I go to - night and see if we can strike at the very heart of the mystery . "	7	Motion
It was not , I must confess , a very alluring prospect .	6	Reveal_secret
The old house with its atmosphere of murder , the singular and formidable inhabitants , the unknown dangers of the approach , and the fact that we were putting ourselves legally in a false position all combined to damp my ardour .	20	Arriving
The old house with its atmosphere of murder , the singular and formidable inhabitants , the unknown dangers of the approach , and the fact that we were putting ourselves legally in a false position all combined to damp my ardour .	7	Killing
The old house with its atmosphere of murder , the singular and formidable inhabitants , the unknown dangers of the approach , and the fact that we were putting ourselves legally in a false position all combined to damp my ardour .	28	Placing
One knew that thus , and only thus , could a solution be found .	13	Creating
It was about five o ' clock , and the shadows of the March evening were beginning to fall , when an excited rustic rushed into our room .	16	Process_start
It was about five o ' clock , and the shadows of the March evening were beginning to fall , when an excited rustic rushed into our room .	24	Self_motion
" They ' ve gone , Mr . Holmes .	4	Motion
They went by the last train .	1	Motion
" Excellent , Warner ! " cried Holmes , springing to his feet .	9	Self_motion
" When the carriage came out I followed it to the station .	4	Arriving
She was like one walking in her sleep , but when they tried to get her into the train she came to life and struggled .	4	Self_motion
She was like one walking in her sleep , but when they tried to get her into the train she came to life and struggled .	24	Hostile_encounter
" Why , Mr . Holmes , when you were crawling in the shrubbery at High Gable I was up one of the trees in the plantation and saw you down below .	10	Self_motion
" Then why did you arrest the mulatto ? "	5	Arrest
I arrested the wrong man to make him believe that our eyes were off him .	1	Arrest
I arrested the wrong man to make him believe that our eyes were off him .	6	Causation
Holmes laid his hand upon the inspector ' s shoulder .	1	Placing
You have instinct and intuition , " said he .	7	Statement
We can ' t arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "	4	Arrest
We can ' t arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "	17	Getting
We can ' t arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "	19	Statement
" Every minute she gets stronger , " said Holmes , glancing at the governess .	11	Perception_active
" Every minute she gets stronger , " said Holmes , glancing at the governess .	8	Statement
" But tell me , Baynes , who is this man Henderson ? "	2	Telling
At the end of that time there was a universal rising against him .	10	Change_of_leadership
At the end of that time there was a universal rising against him .	7	Presence
But he was as cunning as he was cruel , and at the first whisper of coming trouble he had secretly conveyed his treasures aboard a ship which was manned by devoted adherents .	21	Bringing
It was an empty palace which was stormed by the insurgents next day .	7	Attack
" If you look it up you will find that the San Pedro colours are green and white , same as in the note , Mr . Holmes .	8	Know
They ' ve been looking for him all the time for their revenge , but it is only now that they have begun to find him out . "	22	Process_start
They ' ve been looking for him all the time for their revenge , but it is only now that they have begun to find him out . "	12	Revenge
They ' ve been looking for him all the time for their revenge , but it is only now that they have begun to find him out . "	26	Know
" They discovered him a year ago , " said Miss Burnet , who had sat up and was now intently following the conversation .	23	Communication
" They discovered him a year ago , " said Miss Burnet , who had sat up and was now intently following the conversation .	2	Know
" They discovered him a year ago , " said Miss Burnet , who had sat up and was now intently following the conversation .	9	Statement
" But how come you into this matter , Miss Burnet ? " asked Holmes .	3	Arriving
We have learned the truth in sorrow and in suffering .	2	Coming_to_believe
" No doubt , " said Holmes , " he was as you say .	5	Statement
" No doubt , " said Holmes , " he was as you say .	13	Statement
This villain ' s policy was to murder , on one pretext or another , every man who showed such promise that he might in time come to be a dangerous rival .	7	Killing
This villain ' s policy was to murder , on one pretext or another , every man who showed such promise that he might in time come to be a dangerous rival .	31	Competition
They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done .	1	Come_together
They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done .	15	Action
It was my part after we had discovered in the transformed Henderson the fallen despot , to attach myself to his household and keep the others in touch with his movements .	7	Know
This I was able to do by securing the position of governess in his family .	7	Getting
This I was able to do by securing the position of governess in his family .	9	Employment
This I was able to do by securing the position of governess in his family .	5	Action
We zigzagged swiftly here and there over Europe to throw off the pursuers and finally returned to this house , which he had taken upon his first arrival in England .	27	Arriving
We zigzagged swiftly here and there over Europe to throw off the pursuers and finally returned to this house , which he had taken upon his first arrival in England .	15	Arriving
We zigzagged swiftly here and there over Europe to throw off the pursuers and finally returned to this house , which he had taken upon his first arrival in England .	1	Motion
Knowing that he would return there , Garcia , who is the son of the former highest dignitary in San Pedro , was waiting with two trusty companions of humble station , all three fired with the same reasons for revenge .	4	Arriving
Knowing that he would return there , Garcia , who is the son of the former highest dignitary in San Pedro , was waiting with two trusty companions of humble station , all three fired with the same reasons for revenge .	40	Revenge
At night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .	11	Revenge
On a certain evening , which had been prearranged , I sent my friend final instructions , for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room .	11	Sending
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	4	Motion
Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed .	17	Preventing_or_letting
Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed .	6	Placing
Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed .	22	Action
Finally , after much debate , they concluded that my murder was too dangerous .	7	Coming_to_believe
Finally , after much debate , they concluded that my murder was too dangerous .	4	Communication
Finally , after much debate , they concluded that my murder was too dangerous .	10	Killing
They had gagged me , and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address .	13	Giving
They had gagged me , and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address .	7	Bodily_harm
They had gagged me , and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address .	2	Placing
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	1	Commitment
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	6	Bodily_harm
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	15	Causation
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo ' s hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	2	Killing
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	21	Motion_directional
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	16	Bodily_harm
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	24	Protest
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	50	Attack
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	42	Reveal_secret
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	10	Arriving
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	15	Killing
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	8	Preventing_or_letting
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	33	Criminal_investigation
With the death of Garcia , the pursuit might cease , since such a death might frighten others from the task .	2	Death
I was confined to my room , terrorized by the most horrible threats , cruelly ill - used to break my spirit - see this stab on my shoulder and the bruises from end to end of my arms - and a gag was thrust into my mouth on the one occasion when I tried to call from the window .	12	Commitment
I was confined to my room , terrorized by the most horrible threats , cruelly ill - used to break my spirit - see this stab on my shoulder and the bruises from end to end of my arms - and a gag was thrust into my mouth on the one occasion when I tried to call from the window .	44	Motion
In a sort of dream I remember being half - led , halfcarried to the carriage ; in the same state I was conveyed to the train .	23	Bringing
Only then , when the wheels were almost moving , did I suddenly realize that my liberty lay in my own hands .	8	Motion
Only then , when the wheels were almost moving , did I suddenly realize that my liberty lay in my own hands .	13	Coming_to_believe
Only then , when the wheels were almost moving , did I suddenly realize that my liberty lay in my own hands .	17	Placing
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .	7	Motion
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .	1	Self_motion
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .	18	Assistance
" Our police work ends , but our legal work begins . "	10	Process_start
" Our police work ends , but our legal work begins . "	4	Process_end
" A plausible lawyer could make it out as an act of self - defence .	10	Action
" A plausible lawyer could make it out as an act of self - defence .	14	Defending
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "	5	Committing_crime
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "	2	Presence
Self - defence is one thing .	2	Defending
Wily and bold , he and his companion threw their pursuer off their track by entering a lodging - house in Edmonton Street and leaving by the back - gate into Curzon Square .	15	Arriving
Wily and bold , he and his companion threw their pursuer off their track by entering a lodging - house in Edmonton Street and leaving by the back - gate into Curzon Square .	24	Departing
Some six months afterwards the Marquess of Montalva and Signor Rulli , his secretary , were both murdered in their rooms at the Hotel Escurial at Madrid .	17	Killing
The crime was ascribed to Nihilism , and the murderers were never arrested .	12	Arrest
The crime was ascribed to Nihilism , and the murderers were never arrested .	9	Killing
The crime was ascribed to Nihilism , and the murderers were never arrested .	1	Committing_crime
" A chaotic case , my dear Watson , " said Holmes over an evening pipe .	10	Statement
Is there any point which is not quite clear to you ? "	1	Presence
" The object of the mulatto cook ' s return ? "	9	Arriving
He waited three days longer , and then his piety or his superstition drove him to try once more .	13	Influence
Inspector Baynes , who , with his usual astuteness , had minimized the incident before me , had really recognized its importance and had left a trap into which the creature walked .	19	Know
Inspector Baynes , who , with his usual astuteness , had minimized the incident before me , had really recognized its importance and had left a trap into which the creature walked .	31	Self_motion
Since Hong Kong is a duty - free port and charges no sales tax , goods are cheaper here than in the country where they were made .	0	Causation
Since Hong Kong is a duty - free port and charges no sales tax , goods are cheaper here than in the country where they were made .	12	Commerce_sell
Since Hong Kong is a duty - free port and charges no sales tax , goods are cheaper here than in the country where they were made .	17	Cost
Since Hong Kong is a duty - free port and charges no sales tax , goods are cheaper here than in the country where they were made .	26	Manufacturing
On photographic equipment , electronic goods , and watches , you avoid the luxury tax payable in your home country .	11	Preventing_or_letting
Custom - made garments by skillful Hong Kong tailors are still much in demand and cost less than elsewhere for comparable garments .	3	Wearing
Custom - made garments by skillful Hong Kong tailors are still much in demand and cost less than elsewhere for comparable garments .	15	Cost
You ' ll find that prices are about the same in Hong Kong Central and Kowloon , and somewhat cheaper in Causeway Bay , which caters to local shopping .	3	Know
You ' ll find that prices are about the same in Hong Kong Central and Kowloon , and somewhat cheaper in Causeway Bay , which caters to local shopping .	25	Assistance
You ' ll find that prices are about the same in Hong Kong Central and Kowloon , and somewhat cheaper in Causeway Bay , which caters to local shopping .	28	Commerce_buy
Large shops on the fashionable thoroughfares tend to be more expensive than smaller ` ` family ' ' shops tucked away in the side streets .	2	Connect
Large shops on the fashionable thoroughfares tend to be more expensive than smaller ` ` family ' ' shops tucked away in the side streets .	10	Cost
Large shops on the fashionable thoroughfares tend to be more expensive than smaller ` ` family ' ' shops tucked away in the side streets .	19	Placing
Some people say you can test the authenticity by touch ?  ? real jade feels smooth and cool .	5	Testing
In subtropical Hong Kong you can swim from April to early November .	6	Self_motion
A 12 - year - old boy reports seeing a man launch a rubber boat from a car parked at the harbor .	7	Statement
A 12 - year - old boy reports seeing a man launch a rubber boat from a car parked at the harbor .	18	Placing
The FBI finds traces of explosives on clothes found ; neighbors say they saw two men who they describe as ` ` Arab - looking ' ' living there for several weeks .	7	Wearing
The FBI finds traces of explosives on clothes found ; neighbors say they saw two men who they describe as ` ` Arab - looking ' ' living there for several weeks .	11	Statement
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding .	13	Building
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding .	20	Building
Passports found in one of the houses identify the men as from a privilege convenience province noted for lawless tribes .	7	Check
Meantime , analysts at the FBI crime lab try to discover what the bomb was made from .	2	Scrutiny
Meantime , analysts at the FBI crime lab try to discover what the bomb was made from .	10	Know
Meantime , analysts at the FBI crime lab try to discover what the bomb was made from .	15	Manufacturing
No conclusions yet , U . S . officials say , but a working theory , plastic explosive .	1	Coming_to_believe
No conclusions yet , U . S . officials say , but a working theory , plastic explosive .	9	Statement
But Yemen ' s president says the FBI has told him the explosive material could only have come from the U . S . , Israel or two Arab countries .	5	Statement
But Yemen ' s president says the FBI has told him the explosive material could only have come from the U . S . , Israel or two Arab countries .	9	Telling
But Yemen ' s president says the FBI has told him the explosive material could only have come from the U . S . , Israel or two Arab countries .	17	Arriving
AMMAN , Jordan ( AP ) U . S . Representative Tony Hall arrived in Jordan on Saturday en route to Iraq , where he is expected to look into the plight of Iraqis after nearly 10 years of U . N . trade sanctions .	13	Arriving
AMMAN , Jordan ( AP ) U . S . Representative Tony Hall arrived in Jordan on Saturday en route to Iraq , where he is expected to look into the plight of Iraqis after nearly 10 years of U . N . trade sanctions .	43	Exchange
AMMAN , Jordan ( AP ) U . S . Representative Tony Hall arrived in Jordan on Saturday en route to Iraq , where he is expected to look into the plight of Iraqis after nearly 10 years of U . N . trade sanctions .	44	Revenge
Hall , an Ohio Democrat and one of very few U . S . congressmen to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War over Kuwait , is scheduled to embark Sunday the 12 - hour overland trip to the Iraqi capital , Baghdad .	22	Hostile_encounter
Hall , an Ohio Democrat and one of very few U . S . congressmen to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War over Kuwait , is scheduled to embark Sunday the 12 - hour overland trip to the Iraqi capital , Baghdad .	36	Traveling
Hall , an Ohio Democrat and one of very few U . S . congressmen to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War over Kuwait , is scheduled to embark Sunday the 12 - hour overland trip to the Iraqi capital , Baghdad .	16	Arriving
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .	8	Statement
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .	13	Statement
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .	12	Research
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .	25	Catastrophe
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them , Hall said , he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently , or whether ` ` Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job . ' '	4	Arriving
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them , Hall said , he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently , or whether ` ` Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job . ' '	12	Statement
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them , Hall said , he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently , or whether ` ` Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job . ' '	18	Know
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them , Hall said , he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently , or whether ` ` Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job . ' '	47	Action
If supplies are not reaching the people who need them , Hall said , he wanted to find out whether the United Nations or relief agencies needed to handle things differently , or whether ` ` Iraq needs to get out of the way and let us do the job . ' '	45	Preventing_or_letting
The sanctions can not be lifted until U . N . inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .	1	Revenge
The sanctions can not be lifted until U . N . inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .	5	Process_end
The sanctions can not be lifted until U . N . inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .	11	Scrutiny
The sanctions can not be lifted until U . N . inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .	16	Removing
The sanctions can not be lifted until U . N . inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .	26	Manufacturing
The sanctions can not be lifted until U . N . inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .	12	Check
Iraq says it has done so and has barred inspectors since late 1998 .	1	Statement
Iraq says it has done so and has barred inspectors since late 1998 .	4	Action
Iraq says it has done so and has barred inspectors since late 1998 .	9	Scrutiny
At least one other congressman has visited Iraq .	6	Arriving
Energy Secretary Bill Richardson went to Baghdad in 1995 while a representative for New Mexico .	4	Motion
Forest fires burn on in Greece ; death toll nears 50	7	Death
Karamanlis said , ` ` This is a day of national mourning . . . I wish to express my deep grief over the lost lives . . . We are fighting against heavy odds , on many fronts and under particularly tough conditions . ' '	1	Statement
Karamanlis said , ` ` This is a day of national mourning . . . I wish to express my deep grief over the lost lives . . . We are fighting against heavy odds , on many fronts and under particularly tough conditions . ' '	31	Hostile_encounter
Karamanlis said , ` ` This is a day of national mourning . . . I wish to express my deep grief over the lost lives . . . We are fighting against heavy odds , on many fronts and under particularly tough conditions . ' '	36	Connect
Karamanlis said , ` ` This is a day of national mourning . . . I wish to express my deep grief over the lost lives . . . We are fighting against heavy odds , on many fronts and under particularly tough conditions . ' '	42	Confronting_problem
Greece ' s government yesterday asked its European Union allies for help .	5	Request
Greece ' s government yesterday asked its European Union allies for help .	11	Assistance
Some helicopters and airplanes , which were to drop water on the fires , continued to be delayed by strong winds .	8	Motion
Some helicopters and airplanes , which were to drop water on the fires , continued to be delayed by strong winds .	17	Hindering
The art of change - ringing is peculiar to the English , and , like most English peculiarities , unintelligible to the rest of the world .	1	Create_artwork
ASLACTON , England - - Of all scenes that evoke rural England , this is one of the loveliest : An ancient stone church stands amid the fields , the sound of bells cascading from its tower , calling the faithful to evensong .	24	Placing
ASLACTON , England - - Of all scenes that evoke rural England , this is one of the loveliest : An ancient stone church stands amid the fields , the sound of bells cascading from its tower , calling the faithful to evensong .	38	Request
ASLACTON , England - - Of all scenes that evoke rural England , this is one of the loveliest : An ancient stone church stands amid the fields , the sound of bells cascading from its tower , calling the faithful to evensong .	42	Rite
The parishioners of St . Michael and All Angels stop to chat at the church door , as members here always have .	11	Communication
In the tower , five men and women pull rhythmically on ropes attached to the same five bells that first sounded here in 1614 .	8	Hold
But there is also a discordant , modern note in Aslacton , though it ca n ' t be heard by the church - goers enjoying the peal of bells this cool autumn evening .	2	Presence
Like most of the other 6 , 000 churches in Britain with sets of bells , St . Michael once had its own ` ` band ' ' of ringers , who would herald every Sunday morning and evening service .	39	Rite
They belong to a group of 15 ringers - - including two octogenarians and four youngsters in training - - who drive every Sunday from church to church in a sometimes - exhausting effort to keep the bells sounding in the many belfries of East Anglia .	17	Education_teaching
` ` To ring for even one service at this tower , we have to scrape , ' ' says Mr . Hammond , a retired water - authority worker .	7	Rite
` ` To ring for even one service at this tower , we have to scrape , ' ' says Mr . Hammond , a retired water - authority worker .	19	Statement
Mr . Hammond worries that old age and the flightiness of youth will diminish the ranks of the East Anglian group that keeps the Aslacton bells pealing .	13	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Each variation , or change , can occur only once , the rules state .	13	Statement
` ` Ringing does become a bit of an obsession , ' ' admits Stephanie Pattenden , master of the band at St . Mary Abbot and one of England ' s best female ringers .	4	Becoming
` ` Ringing does become a bit of an obsession , ' ' admits Stephanie Pattenden , master of the band at St . Mary Abbot and one of England ' s best female ringers .	13	Reveal_secret
When their changes are completed , and after they have worked up a sweat , ringers often skip off to the local pub , leaving worship for others below .	17	Self_motion
When their changes are completed , and after they have worked up a sweat , ringers often skip off to the local pub , leaving worship for others below .	25	Rite
Two years ago , the Rev . Jeremy Hummerstone , vicar of Great Torrington , Devon , got so fed up with ringers who did n ' t attend service he sacked the entire band ; the ringers promptly set up a picket line in protest .	39	Placing
Two years ago , the Rev . Jeremy Hummerstone , vicar of Great Torrington , Devon , got so fed up with ringers who did n ' t attend service he sacked the entire band ; the ringers promptly set up a picket line in protest .	29	Rite
But there still are n ' t enough ringers to ring more than six of the eight bells .	3	Presence
At St . Mary ' s Church in Ilminster , Somerset , the bells have fallen silent following a dust - up over church attendance .	19	Hostile_encounter
` ` But C . J . B . Marshall , vicar of a nearby church , feels the fault is in the stairs from the bell tower that are located next to the altar .	30	Placing
` ` So crunch , crunch , crunch , bang , bang , bang - - here come the ringers from above , making a very obvious exit while the congregation is at prayer , ' ' he says .	17	Arriving
` ` So crunch , crunch , crunch , bang , bang , bang - - here come the ringers from above , making a very obvious exit while the congregation is at prayer , ' ' he says .	27	Departing
` ` So crunch , crunch , crunch , bang , bang , bang - - here come the ringers from above , making a very obvious exit while the congregation is at prayer , ' ' he says .	33	Rite
` ` So crunch , crunch , crunch , bang , bang , bang - - here come the ringers from above , making a very obvious exit while the congregation is at prayer , ' ' he says .	38	Statement
` ` The sound of bells is a net to draw people into the church , ' ' he says .	19	Statement
` ` The sound of bells is a net to draw people into the church , ' ' he says .	10	Motion
` ` I live in hopes that the ringers themselves will be drawn into that fuller life .	12	Motion
It hopes to speak to students at theological colleges about the joys of bell ringing and will shortly publish a booklet for every vicar in the country entitled , ` ` The Bells in Your Care .	3	Statement
It hopes to speak to students at theological colleges about the joys of bell ringing and will shortly publish a booklet for every vicar in the country entitled , ` ` The Bells in Your Care .	5	Education_teaching
But the council ' s program to attract and train ringers is only partly successful , says Mr . Baldwin .	9	Education_teaching
But the council ' s program to attract and train ringers is only partly successful , says Mr . Baldwin .	16	Statement
` ` Right now , we ' re lucky if after five years we keep one new ringer out of 10 , ' ' he adds .	25	Statement
The oldest bell - ringing group in the country , the Ancient Society of College Youths , founded in 1637 , remains male - only , a fact that ' s particularly galling to women because the group is the sole source of ringers for Britain ' s most prestigious churches , St . Paul ' s Cathedral and Westminster Abbey .	17	Creating
The oldest bell - ringing group in the country , the Ancient Society of College Youths , founded in 1637 , remains male - only , a fact that ' s particularly galling to women because the group is the sole source of ringers for Britain ' s most prestigious churches , St . Paul ' s Cathedral and Westminster Abbey .	35	Causation
One writer , signing his letter as ` ` Red - blooded , balanced male , ' ' remarked on the ` ` frequency of women fainting in peals , ' ' and suggested that they ` ` settle back into their traditional role of making tea at meetings .	48	Social_event
One writer , signing his letter as ` ` Red - blooded , balanced male , ' ' remarked on the ` ` frequency of women fainting in peals , ' ' and suggested that they ` ` settle back into their traditional role of making tea at meetings .	18	Statement
One writer , signing his letter as ` ` Red - blooded , balanced male , ' ' remarked on the ` ` frequency of women fainting in peals , ' ' and suggested that they ` ` settle back into their traditional role of making tea at meetings .	3	Writing
One writer , signing his letter as ` ` Red - blooded , balanced male , ' ' remarked on the ` ` frequency of women fainting in peals , ' ' and suggested that they ` ` settle back into their traditional role of making tea at meetings .	33	Convincing
In the torrent of replies that followed , one woman ringer from Solihull observed that ` ` the average male ringer leaves quite a lot to be desired : badly dressed , decorated with acne and a large beer - belly , frequently unwashed and unbearably flatulent in peals .	4	Communication
In the torrent of replies that followed , one woman ringer from Solihull observed that ` ` the average male ringer leaves quite a lot to be desired : badly dressed , decorated with acne and a large beer - belly , frequently unwashed and unbearably flatulent in peals .	30	Wearing
In the torrent of replies that followed , one woman ringer from Solihull observed that ` ` the average male ringer leaves quite a lot to be desired : badly dressed , decorated with acne and a large beer - belly , frequently unwashed and unbearably flatulent in peals .	13	Statement
I have seen one or two men die , bless them .	7	Death
However , no nuclear weapons program has ever materialized or been initiated .	8	Coming_to_be
However , no nuclear weapons program has ever materialized or been initiated .	11	Process_start
It appears that the Syrian nuclear program continues to be focused solely on civilian nuclear research , based on international cooperation , and set to support a continued domestic aspiration for a nuclear power program .	15	Research
It appears that the Syrian nuclear program continues to be focused solely on civilian nuclear research , based on international cooperation , and set to support a continued domestic aspiration for a nuclear power program .	20	Collaboration
The International Atomic Energy Association ( IAEA ) has assisted Syria on numerous projects including uranium exploration , uranium extraction from phosphoric acid , isotope production , construction of a cyclotron facility , development of nuclear research laboratories , and preparation for a nuclear power program .	9	Assistance
The International Atomic Energy Association ( IAEA ) has assisted Syria on numerous projects including uranium exploration , uranium extraction from phosphoric acid , isotope production , construction of a cyclotron facility , development of nuclear research laboratories , and preparation for a nuclear power program .	25	Creating
The International Atomic Energy Association ( IAEA ) has assisted Syria on numerous projects including uranium exploration , uranium extraction from phosphoric acid , isotope production , construction of a cyclotron facility , development of nuclear research laboratories , and preparation for a nuclear power program .	27	Building
The International Atomic Energy Association ( IAEA ) has assisted Syria on numerous projects including uranium exploration , uranium extraction from phosphoric acid , isotope production , construction of a cyclotron facility , development of nuclear research laboratories , and preparation for a nuclear power program .	36	Research
It took this step to obtain the political and technical benefits that come from signing the treaty .	3	Action
It took this step to obtain the political and technical benefits that come from signing the treaty .	5	Getting
It took this step to obtain the political and technical benefits that come from signing the treaty .	14	Sign_agreement
Additionally , the government wanted to take advantage of technical assistance from the IAEA and its member states that is only available after a state signs the NPT .	10	Assistance
Additionally , the government wanted to take advantage of technical assistance from the IAEA and its member states that is only available after a state signs the NPT .	25	Sign_agreement
Also in 1983 , Syrian and Soviet scientists carried out a joint study on the construction of a nuclear power reactor in Syria .	8	Action
Also in 1983 , Syrian and Soviet scientists carried out a joint study on the construction of a nuclear power reactor in Syria .	12	Scrutiny
Also in 1983 , Syrian and Soviet scientists carried out a joint study on the construction of a nuclear power reactor in Syria .	15	Building
Although Syria has probably never attempted to indigenously build nuclear weapons , there have been rumors that it might be interested in obtaining such weapons to deter an Israeli nuclear weapons threat .	8	Building
Although Syria has probably never attempted to indigenously build nuclear weapons , there have been rumors that it might be interested in obtaining such weapons to deter an Israeli nuclear weapons threat .	22	Getting
Although Syria has probably never attempted to indigenously build nuclear weapons , there have been rumors that it might be interested in obtaining such weapons to deter an Israeli nuclear weapons threat .	14	Presence
Upon completion of several uranium exploration projects , Syria began experiments to extract uranium from its vast phosphoric rock reserves .	9	Process_start
Upon completion of several uranium exploration projects , Syria began experiments to extract uranium from its vast phosphoric rock reserves .	12	Removing
The plant would be the forerunner to a commercial plant if Syria obtained a nuclear power reactor and needed fresh fuel regularly .	12	Getting
That facility went critical in 1996 and become fully operational in 1998 .	7	Becoming
That facility went critical in 1996 and become fully operational in 1998 .	9	Using
The MNSR gives Syria the capability to produce neutrons for nuclear analysis , isotopes for industrial applications , and radioisotopes for training purposes , but is unsuitable for weapons production .	7	Creating
The MNSR gives Syria the capability to produce neutrons for nuclear analysis , isotopes for industrial applications , and radioisotopes for training purposes , but is unsuitable for weapons production .	11	Scrutiny
The MNSR gives Syria the capability to produce neutrons for nuclear analysis , isotopes for industrial applications , and radioisotopes for training purposes , but is unsuitable for weapons production .	15	Manufacturing
The MNSR gives Syria the capability to produce neutrons for nuclear analysis , isotopes for industrial applications , and radioisotopes for training purposes , but is unsuitable for weapons production .	29	Manufacturing
The MNSR gives Syria the capability to produce neutrons for nuclear analysis , isotopes for industrial applications , and radioisotopes for training purposes , but is unsuitable for weapons production .	21	Education_teaching
The MNSR gives Syria the capability to produce neutrons for nuclear analysis , isotopes for industrial applications , and radioisotopes for training purposes , but is unsuitable for weapons production .	2	Giving
In 1997 , the IAEA approved a technical assistance project to provide Syria with a cyclotron facility .	8	Assistance
In 1997 , the IAEA approved a technical assistance project to provide Syria with a cyclotron facility .	11	Supply
It was to be built at the Nuclear Medicine Centre in Damascus .	4	Building
The Cyclon - 30 cyclotron , provided by Belgium ' s Ion Beam Applications , is the same model as the cyclotron in Iran , where it is suspected of being used to enrich uranium .	6	Supply
The Cyclon - 30 cyclotron , provided by Belgium ' s Ion Beam Applications , is the same model as the cyclotron in Iran , where it is suspected of being used to enrich uranium .	31	Using
In more recent years , Syria has continued to develop its nuclear research facilities and other facilities to help manage its nuclear material .	12	Research
In more recent years , Syria has continued to develop its nuclear research facilities and other facilities to help manage its nuclear material .	18	Assistance
In more recent years , Syria has continued to develop its nuclear research facilities and other facilities to help manage its nuclear material .	9	Cause_to_make_progress
These allegations were never confirmed .	1	Statement
These allegations were never confirmed .	4	Check
In 2003 , Russian and Syrian officials continued their negotiations for the construction of a nuclear facility that would include a nuclear power plant and a seawater atomic desalination plant .	9	Communication
In 2003 , Russian and Syrian officials continued their negotiations for the construction of a nuclear facility that would include a nuclear power plant and a seawater atomic desalination plant .	12	Building
Open sources reported that the Russian Minister of Atomic Energy confirmed that discussions over supplying Syria with a power plant and a desalination plant were taking place .	2	Statement
Open sources reported that the Russian Minister of Atomic Energy confirmed that discussions over supplying Syria with a power plant and a desalination plant were taking place .	10	Statement
Open sources reported that the Russian Minister of Atomic Energy confirmed that discussions over supplying Syria with a power plant and a desalination plant were taking place .	12	Communication
Open sources reported that the Russian Minister of Atomic Energy confirmed that discussions over supplying Syria with a power plant and a desalination plant were taking place .	14	Supply
However , the Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman refuted the Minatom statement and denied that any discussion had taken place .	7	Statement
However , the Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman refuted the Minatom statement and denied that any discussion had taken place .	10	Statement
However , the Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman refuted the Minatom statement and denied that any discussion had taken place .	15	Communication
A Syria - EU trade accord hurdle was resolved in October with agreement on a WMD clause , subject to final approval by EU foreign ministers .	4	Exchange
A Syria - EU trade accord hurdle was resolved in October with agreement on a WMD clause , subject to final approval by EU foreign ministers .	8	Resolve_problem
The head of the Iraq Survey Group Charles Duelfer has exhausted his search for WMD in Iraq .	5	Scrutiny
The head of the Iraq Survey Group Charles Duelfer has exhausted his search for WMD in Iraq .	12	Scrutiny
Thanks you so much for working on these as fast as you have - there was a priority in getting them out .	0	Judgment_communication
And when would be the earliest that we would make the payment ?	11	Commerce_pay
Do you want me to pay Pasadena on Friday for these months or do you want me to hold off until I finish July and August ?	5	Commerce_pay
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .	15	Causation
I need to forecast the money today , so please let me know what you would like to do .	18	Action
I need to forecast the money today , so please let me know what you would like to do .	12	Telling
I hope Patti can help you soon .	4	Assistance
Let me know if you do n ' t hear from her today .	2	Telling
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .	3	Getting
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .	12	Telling
If necessary , I can come pick it up .	5	Arriving
I have sent Patti a list .	2	Sending
For payment , we have to forecast the money two days out .	1	Commerce_pay
On payment . . . We are now having to forecast five days out .	1	Commerce_pay
If I do n ' t know today , I can not pay Pasadena until next Thursday .	12	Commerce_pay
Dubai 10 - 28 ( FP ) - Dubai ' s Crown Prince Sheikh Mohamed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum inaugurated a free zone for e - commerce today , called Dubai Internet City .	29	Labeling
Sheikh Mohamed , who is also the Defense Minister of the United Arab Emirates , announced at the inauguration ceremony that ` ` we want to make Dubai a new trading center . ' '	7	Defending
Sheikh Mohamed , who is also the Defense Minister of the United Arab Emirates , announced at the inauguration ceremony that ` ` we want to make Dubai a new trading center . ' '	15	Statement
Sheikh Mohamed , who is also the Defense Minister of the United Arab Emirates , announced at the inauguration ceremony that ` ` we want to make Dubai a new trading center . ' '	26	Change
He said companies engaged in e - commerce would be able to set up offices , employ staff and own equipment in the open zone , including fully - owned foreign companies .	1	Statement
He said companies engaged in e - commerce would be able to set up offices , employ staff and own equipment in the open zone , including fully - owned foreign companies .	3	Action
He said companies engaged in e - commerce would be able to set up offices , employ staff and own equipment in the open zone , including fully - owned foreign companies .	23	Openness
He said companies engaged in e - commerce would be able to set up offices , employ staff and own equipment in the open zone , including fully - owned foreign companies .	13	Creating
The e - commerce free zone is situated in north Dubai , near the industrial free zone in Jebel Ali , the top regional and tenth international leading area in container transit .	7	Placing
The e - commerce free zone is situated in north Dubai , near the industrial free zone in Jebel Ali , the top regional and tenth international leading area in container transit .	14	Manufacturing
The big green - and - white boat weaves its way through an ever - changing obstacle course of both large and small craft , and the soaring skyline of Hong Kong Island draws nearer .	8	Motion
There are restaurants and a Starbuck ' s in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .	1	Presence
There are restaurants and a Starbuck ' s in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .	23	Connect
Next to the Jardine building is Exchange Square , a complex with a large shopping mall ; just behind it is the General Post Office with a philatelic center on the ground floor .	14	Commerce_buy
Next to the Jardine building is Exchange Square , a complex with a large shopping mall ; just behind it is the General Post Office with a philatelic center on the ground floor .	29	Connect
On Connaught Road Central , you ' ll find one of Hong Kong ' s curiosities , the 244 - m - ( 800 - ft - ) long Mid - Levels outdoor escalator .	8	Know
On Connaught Road Central , you ' ll find one of Hong Kong ' s curiosities , the 244 - m - ( 800 - ft - ) long Mid - Levels outdoor escalator .	0	Connect
It ferries commuters from the Mid - Levels apartment complexes downhill from 6 to 10 am , and uphill from 10 am to midnight .	1	Bringing
Go through the underground walkway to Statue Square ; on the east side of the square is the Legislative Council Building , one of the few colonial buildings left in Hong Kong .	0	Motion
Go through the underground walkway to Statue Square ; on the east side of the square is the Legislative Council Building , one of the few colonial buildings left in Hong Kong .	9	Connect
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .	7	Perception_active
Built 1847 - 1849 , this usually deserted Anglican foundation is Hong Kong ' s oldest church .	0	Building
During World War II , the church was turned into a club for Japanese officers ; it was restored after the war .	8	Change
During World War II , the church was turned into a club for Japanese officers ; it was restored after the war .	18	Recovering
During World War II , the church was turned into a club for Japanese officers ; it was restored after the war .	21	Hostile_encounter
The park ' s 10 . 5 hectares ( 25 acres ) of landscaped gardens and lakes contains a large greenhouse that holds many species of plants , and an aviary of exotic birds .	17	Containing
The park ' s 10 . 5 hectares ( 25 acres ) of landscaped gardens and lakes contains a large greenhouse that holds many species of plants , and an aviary of exotic birds .	22	Containing
If you leave the park and walk up Cotton Tree Drive , you will find the Peak Tram terminal .	2	Departing
If you leave the park and walk up Cotton Tree Drive , you will find the Peak Tram terminal .	6	Self_motion
The Peak Tram starts its scenic climb just across the street and around the corner from the American Consulate in Garden Road and makes its way , sometimes at a startlingly steep incline , to the summit at 398 m ( 1 , 305 ft ) .	3	Process_start
The right - of - way travels past fancy apartment blocks , bamboo stands , and jungle flowers .	6	Traveling
During the spring and autumn festivals , when people traditionally seek out the hilltops , the throngs are so large you would be better advised to try another time .	5	Social_event
At the upper terminus there is a four - level shopping center , the Peak Galleria , and the Peak Tower , which resembles an airport control tower and has shops , entertainment , and restaurants .	5	Presence
At the upper terminus there is a four - level shopping center , the Peak Galleria , and the Peak Tower , which resembles an airport control tower and has shops , entertainment , and restaurants .	10	Commerce_buy
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .	2	Self_motion
There are also souvenir stands , benches for a rest , and perhaps Hong Kong ' s last surviving rickshaws - however these are not for rides , but are a tourist photo opportunity .	1	Presence
There are also souvenir stands , benches for a rest , and perhaps Hong Kong ' s last surviving rickshaws - however these are not for rides , but are a tourist photo opportunity .	31	Traveling
These gardens used to belong to the governor ' s mountain lodge , but the building was demolished by the Japanese during the occupation of Hong Kong .	17	Destroying
Across from the mansion , the Zoological and Botanical Gardens ( gardens open daily 6 am - 10 pm ; zoo 6 am - 7 pm ; admission free ) provide a welcome oasis amid the big - city pressures .	28	Cost
Across from the mansion , the Zoological and Botanical Gardens ( gardens open daily 6 am - 10 pm ; zoo 6 am - 7 pm ; admission free ) provide a welcome oasis amid the big - city pressures .	30	Supply
Both young and old go through ballet - like movements in slow motion to discipline the mind and body .	4	Scrutiny
The Western District is one of Hong Kong ' s oldest neighborhoods , and its narrow streets hold a collection of fascinating traditional shops and enterprises .	17	Containing
It is more interesting for its architecture than for its shopping ; it ' s situated in a four - story Edwardian building built in 1906 .	10	Commerce_buy
It is more interesting for its architecture than for its shopping ; it ' s situated in a four - story Edwardian building built in 1906 .	15	Placing
It is more interesting for its architecture than for its shopping ; it ' s situated in a four - story Edwardian building built in 1906 .	23	Building
When it opened in 1912 , the university had a total of 72 students .	13	Education_teaching
The University ' s Fung Ping Shan Museum , 94 Bonham Road ( open Monday - Saturday 9 : 30 am - 6 pm , admission free ) holds a significant collection of antiquities : bronzes , dating from 3000 b . c . , and ceramics , including Han Dynasty tomb pottery .	26	Cost
The University ' s Fung Ping Shan Museum , 94 Bonham Road ( open Monday - Saturday 9 : 30 am - 6 pm , admission free ) holds a significant collection of antiquities : bronzes , dating from 3000 b . c . , and ceramics , including Han Dynasty tomb pottery .	28	Containing
Take the Mid - Levels Escalator to Hollywood road , known for its antiques and curio shopping .	16	Commerce_buy
Here the windows and open doors of the shops reveal an alluring selection of Asian furniture , carpets , carvings , tomb figures , porcelain , and bronze .	12	Choosing
Walk west along Hollywood Road until you come to Man Mo Temple , the island ' s oldest house of worship ( though the date of its founding is subject to dispute ) .	0	Self_motion
Walk west along Hollywood Road until you come to Man Mo Temple , the island ' s oldest house of worship ( though the date of its founding is subject to dispute ) .	7	Arriving
Walk west along Hollywood Road until you come to Man Mo Temple , the island ' s oldest house of worship ( though the date of its founding is subject to dispute ) .	20	Rite
Walk west along Hollywood Road until you come to Man Mo Temple , the island ' s oldest house of worship ( though the date of its founding is subject to dispute ) .	27	Creating
Walk west along Hollywood Road until you come to Man Mo Temple , the island ' s oldest house of worship ( though the date of its founding is subject to dispute ) .	31	Quarreling
The gold - plated sedan chairs on the left - hand side of the temple were once used for transporting the statues of the temple ' s gods in religious processions .	17	Using
The gold - plated sedan chairs on the left - hand side of the temple were once used for transporting the statues of the temple ' s gods in religious processions .	19	Bringing
Go down one flight of steps to Lascar Row , popularly known as Cat Street , for more antiques and curio shops .	0	Motion
Walk up the steps to reach Caine Lane , where you ' ll find the Museum of Medical Sciences ( open Tuesday - Saturday 10 am - 5 pm ; admission by donation ) .	0	Self_motion
Walk up the steps to reach Caine Lane , where you ' ll find the Museum of Medical Sciences ( open Tuesday - Saturday 10 am - 5 pm ; admission by donation ) .	5	Arriving
Walk up the steps to reach Caine Lane , where you ' ll find the Museum of Medical Sciences ( open Tuesday - Saturday 10 am - 5 pm ; admission by donation ) .	32	Giving
The old laboratory is still intact , and there are exhibits on Chinese pharmacology and the history of medicine in Hong Kong .	9	Presence
Servicemen relaxing from the rigors of the Vietnam War poured millions of dollars into the Wan Chai boom of the 1960s .	8	Hostile_encounter
On Wan Chai ' s Bowen Road , Maiden ' s Rock , also called Lover ' s Rock , is the gathering place for the annual Maiden ' s festival .	22	Come_together
On Wan Chai ' s Bowen Road , Maiden ' s Rock , also called Lover ' s Rock , is the gathering place for the annual Maiden ' s festival .	30	Social_event
A prosperous tourist district , it is full of shopping centers and department stores , along with a number of good restaurants .	2	Traveling
A prosperous tourist district , it is full of shopping centers and department stores , along with a number of good restaurants .	9	Commerce_buy
On the nautical side is the Causeway Bay typhoon shelter , where expensive yachts are anchored almost gunwale to gunwale , and the Hong Kong Yacht Club has its headquarters .	0	Connect
On the nautical side is the Causeway Bay typhoon shelter , where expensive yachts are anchored almost gunwale to gunwale , and the Hong Kong Yacht Club has its headquarters .	12	Cost
It ' s not clear how the custom started .	8	Process_start
As a result , the merchants were forced to limit their salvoes to one a day - and from then on , they signaled the noon hour daily for all to hear .	2	Causation
As a result , the merchants were forced to limit their salvoes to one a day - and from then on , they signaled the noon hour daily for all to hear .	7	Causation
As a result , the merchants were forced to limit their salvoes to one a day - and from then on , they signaled the noon hour daily for all to hear .	23	Communication
Up Tai Hang Road behind Causeway Bay is Aw Boon Haw ( Tiger Balm ) Gardens ( open daily 9 : 30 am - 4 pm ) , founded in 1935 by the late Aw Boon Haw , who became a millionaire by producing the medicinal Tiger Balm .	17	Openness
Up Tai Hang Road behind Causeway Bay is Aw Boon Haw ( Tiger Balm ) Gardens ( open daily 9 : 30 am - 4 pm ) , founded in 1935 by the late Aw Boon Haw , who became a millionaire by producing the medicinal Tiger Balm .	28	Creating
Up Tai Hang Road behind Causeway Bay is Aw Boon Haw ( Tiger Balm ) Gardens ( open daily 9 : 30 am - 4 pm ) , founded in 1935 by the late Aw Boon Haw , who became a millionaire by producing the medicinal Tiger Balm .	39	Becoming
Up Tai Hang Road behind Causeway Bay is Aw Boon Haw ( Tiger Balm ) Gardens ( open daily 9 : 30 am - 4 pm ) , founded in 1935 by the late Aw Boon Haw , who became a millionaire by producing the medicinal Tiger Balm .	43	Manufacturing
Aberdeen ' s theatrical floating restaurants have been a tourist attraction for many years .	9	Traveling
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre - dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .	15	Commerce_sell
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre - dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .	29	Perception_active
The peninsula opposite the east coast of Ap Lei Chau island contains Ocean Park ( open daily 10 am - 6 pm ; admission HK $ 150 adults , HK $ 75 children ) , which has become one of Hong Kong ' s biggest attractions .	11	Containing
The peninsula opposite the east coast of Ap Lei Chau island contains Ocean Park ( open daily 10 am - 6 pm ; admission HK $ 150 adults , HK $ 75 children ) , which has become one of Hong Kong ' s biggest attractions .	37	Becoming
Linking the lowland and highland sections of the park , a cable - car system offers spectacular views across to the islands of the South China Sea .	15	Giving
The Oceanarium is said to be the largest in the world , and the Ocean Theatre features displays by dolphins , killer whales , seals , and pelicans .	3	Statement
Continuing around the coast in a counter - clockwise direction , Deep Water Bay offers a good beach and harbors .	14	Giving
It ' s so attractive and so easy to reach that it ' s packed with sunbathers all summer long .	7	Confronting_problem
It ' s so attractive and so easy to reach that it ' s packed with sunbathers all summer long .	9	Arriving
It ' s so attractive and so easy to reach that it ' s packed with sunbathers all summer long .	14	Filling
The well - known Stanley Market ( see page 55 ) is a major source for bargain clothing and other merchandise .	17	Wearing
Most of Kowloon ' s attractions for visitors are centered near the tip of the peninsula in the district known as Tsim Sha Tsui .	7	Traveling
If you continue to the end of the promenade , you will be in Tsim Sha Tsui East , a busy commercial district built on more than 60 hectares ( 150 acres ) of reclaimed land .	23	Building
Hong Kong ' s major venue for the performing arts , the building has been criticized for its fortress - like architecture and windowless facade .	9	Create_artwork
Hong Kong ' s major venue for the performing arts , the building has been criticized for its fortress - like architecture and windowless facade .	15	Judgment_communication
The center contains a concert hall with acclaimed acoustics , theaters , a library , an exhibition gallery , shops , restaurants , and bars .	7	Judgment_communication
The Science Museum ( see page 55 ) is a state - of - the - art interactive museum that will teach you how everything and anything works from ancient sailing ships to the latest technology .	21	Education_teaching
Just across Salisbury Road from the cultural center is the historic Peninsula Hotel , now expanded and modernized by a 32 - story tower .	15	Expansion
Its restored lobby is Hong Kong ' s most elegant gathering place ; afternoon tea here is a visitors ' ritual .	1	Recovering
Its restored lobby is Hong Kong ' s most elegant gathering place ; afternoon tea here is a visitors ' ritual .	18	Traveling
At the time it was built , many thought it absurd to have a tree - lined boulevard running through what was practically a wilderness .	5	Building
A few blocks up Nathan Road is Kowloon Park ( open daily 6 am - midnight ) , elegantly laid out with fountains , promenades , and ornamental gardens ; be sure to go up the steps to see the Sculpture Walk .	10	Openness
A few blocks up Nathan Road is Kowloon Park ( open daily 6 am - midnight ) , elegantly laid out with fountains , promenades , and ornamental gardens ; be sure to go up the steps to see the Sculpture Walk .	33	Motion
A few blocks up Nathan Road is Kowloon Park ( open daily 6 am - midnight ) , elegantly laid out with fountains , promenades , and ornamental gardens ; be sure to go up the steps to see the Sculpture Walk .	38	Traveling
Farther up Nathan Street you will reach Yau Ma Tei , one of the older parts of Kowloon .	6	Arriving
Turn off Nathan and walk down Kansu Street to find the Jade Market ( open 10 am - 3 pm ; see page 80 ) , with more than 100 stalls spread out in a large tent , just before you reach the overpass .	4	Self_motion
Turn off Nathan and walk down Kansu Street to find the Jade Market ( open 10 am - 3 pm ; see page 80 ) , with more than 100 stalls spread out in a large tent , just before you reach the overpass .	14	Openness
Turn off Nathan and walk down Kansu Street to find the Jade Market ( open 10 am - 3 pm ; see page 80 ) , with more than 100 stalls spread out in a large tent , just before you reach the overpass .	31	Dispersal
Turn off Nathan and walk down Kansu Street to find the Jade Market ( open 10 am - 3 pm ; see page 80 ) , with more than 100 stalls spread out in a large tent , just before you reach the overpass .	41	Arriving
The market runs all the way up to Tin Hau Temple , where you will find fortune tellers ' tables ( some speak English ) and possibly street performers singing Chinese opera or pop songs .	2	Self_motion
The temple is one of the many dedicated to Tin Hau , goddess of seafarers ; this one also houses an altar to Shing Wong , the city ' s god .	19	Containing
Nathan Road goes all the way up to Boundary Street , which marks the boundary between Kowloon and the New Territories .	2	Motion
Birds are favorite pets in Hong Kong , valued for their singing rather than their plumage , and here you ' ll find all kinds of birds for sale as well as elaborate teak and bamboo cages .	28	Commerce_sell
Ask the tourist authority about its interesting Heritage Tour from Kowloon and other countryside tours ( see page 113 ) .	2	Traveling
Ask the tourist authority about its interesting Heritage Tour from Kowloon and other countryside tours ( see page 113 ) .	8	Traveling
Ask the tourist authority about its interesting Heritage Tour from Kowloon and other countryside tours ( see page 113 ) .	14	Traveling
As you approach the border , you can glimpse the skyscrapers of Shenzhen .	2	Arriving
It is known for its collection of bonsai and houses a jade seal more than 1 , 000 years old .	9	Containing
It is built in a square , and the only way in is through the gate in the brick defensive wall .	2	Building
It is built in a square , and the only way in is through the gate in the brick defensive wall .	19	Defending
Kat Hing Wai was built four or five centuries ago by the Hakka Tang clan , one of the Five Great Clans that migrated here from North China ( see page 11 ) .	4	Building
The Tang clan ' s earliest walled village was Lo Wai , which also has its defensive wall intact and is entered by a narrow gate .	16	Defending
The Tang clan ' s earliest walled village was Lo Wai , which also has its defensive wall intact and is entered by a narrow gate .	21	Arriving
Few traditional ancestral halls remain in China since the anti - historical destruction during the Cultural Revolution , so these New Territories ancestral halls are rare survivors .	4	Presence
Few traditional ancestral halls remain in China since the anti - historical destruction during the Cultural Revolution , so these New Territories ancestral halls are rare survivors .	12	Destroying
The traditional Qing Dynasty style of the mansion is enlivened by a few Western touches : a Baroque - style ceiling and stained glass above the doorways , showing the builder ' s up - to - date attitude at the time of construction .	43	Building
Just up a lane from the market is the Man Mo Temple , with long - burning incense coils hanging from its ceiling , a popular spot dedicated to the Taoist gods of war and literature .	33	Hostile_encounter
There are hundreds of stone steps in the hillside to walk up before you reach Man Fat Temple with its regiments of small gilt statues of Buddha lining the walls .	1	Presence
There are hundreds of stone steps in the hillside to walk up before you reach Man Fat Temple with its regiments of small gilt statues of Buddha lining the walls .	10	Self_motion
There are hundreds of stone steps in the hillside to walk up before you reach Man Fat Temple with its regiments of small gilt statues of Buddha lining the walls .	14	Arriving
Some indefatigable climbers will want to go up to the top of the nine - story pink pagoda for a panoramic view .	6	Motion
There is a total of 12 , 800 Buddha statues here , plus the remains of the monastery ' s founder embalmed in gold leaf .	1	Presence
Also here is the Hongkong Heritage Museum ( call Tel 2180 8188 for open hours ) .	8	Communication
Also here is the Hongkong Heritage Museum ( call Tel 2180 8188 for open hours ) .	13	Openness
Two natural rock formations are always pointed out on excursions .	9	Traveling
Excursion companies sell a variety of orientation cruises of Hong Kong harbor that include a look at some of its 235 outlying islands .	0	Traveling
Excursion companies sell a variety of orientation cruises of Hong Kong harbor that include a look at some of its 235 outlying islands .	2	Commerce_sell
Excursion companies sell a variety of orientation cruises of Hong Kong harbor that include a look at some of its 235 outlying islands .	15	Perception_active
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .	4	Cost
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .	17	Cost
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .	22	Using
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .	4	Placing
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .	5	Connect
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .	9	Connect
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .	14	Building
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .	18	Change
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .	32	Traveling
At 934 m ( 3 , 064 ft ) , Lantau Peak is high enough to attract the occasional rain cloud - refreshingly cool breezes blow on most hot summer days .	16	Motion
Ferries depart from Central every two hours between 6 : 10 am and 10 : 30 pm to Silvermine Bay ( Mui Wo ) , where a bus terminal has buses to all parts of the island .	1	Departing
There are also ferries to Discovery Bay .	1	Presence
The most famous site on the island is the world ' s tallest seated bronze statue of Buddha at 22 m ( 72 . 6 ft ) , the Tiantan Buddha ( see page 55 ) .	4	Connect
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .	0	Traveling
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .	4	Traveling
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .	21	Manufacturing
Many of the inhabitants live - by choice , not necessarily through economic hardship - on the water , aboard houseboats or in houses on stilts in the main creek .	7	Choosing
Many of the inhabitants live - by choice , not necessarily through economic hardship - on the water , aboard houseboats or in houses on stilts in the main creek .	13	Hindering
Many of the inhabitants live - by choice , not necessarily through economic hardship - on the water , aboard houseboats or in houses on stilts in the main creek .	15	Connect
A Trappist monastery , situated on a hillside overlooking the east coast of Lantau , is also open to visitors .	4	Placing
A Trappist monastery , situated on a hillside overlooking the east coast of Lantau , is also open to visitors .	5	Connect
A Trappist monastery , situated on a hillside overlooking the east coast of Lantau , is also open to visitors .	17	Openness
A Trappist monastery , situated on a hillside overlooking the east coast of Lantau , is also open to visitors .	19	Traveling
To get here , follow the path from the southwest end of Discovery Bay ; the walk takes about 30 minutes .	1	Arriving
The rest of the year , life goes on at its accustomed pace : rickety machines chugging in two - man factories , children in school uniforms being ferried home to houseboats , and the old fishermen stirring shrimp paste .	17	Wearing
The rest of the year , life goes on at its accustomed pace : rickety machines chugging in two - man factories , children in school uniforms being ferried home to houseboats , and the old fishermen stirring shrimp paste .	26	Wearing
The rest of the year , life goes on at its accustomed pace : rickety machines chugging in two - man factories , children in school uniforms being ferried home to houseboats , and the old fishermen stirring shrimp paste .	28	Bringing
By way of formal tourist attractions , Pak Tai Temple , built in 1783 , has some fine carvings and a great iron sword said to be 600 years old .	4	Traveling
By way of formal tourist attractions , Pak Tai Temple , built in 1783 , has some fine carvings and a great iron sword said to be 600 years old .	11	Building
They are an easy walk apart by the harbor road , or a longer 45 - minute hike on the scenic Peak Road .	3	Confronting_problem
They are an easy walk apart by the harbor road , or a longer 45 - minute hike on the scenic Peak Road .	4	Self_motion
They are an easy walk apart by the harbor road , or a longer 45 - minute hike on the scenic Peak Road .	17	Self_motion
They are an easy walk apart by the harbor road , or a longer 45 - minute hike on the scenic Peak Road .	18	Connect
The Praya , the promenade in front of the ferry pier , is a good place to observe the many junks and fishing boats in the harbor .	17	Perception_active
The principal settlements are Yung Shue Wan on Lamma ' s northwest , and Sok Kwu Wan , on the east coast .	7	Connect
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .	2	Building
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .	8	Self_motion
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .	10	Self_motion
An Excursion to Macau	1	Traveling
The story of the Western discovery of Macau begins in 1513 when Portuguese explorer , Jorge Alvares , reached the south coast of China .	5	Know
The story of the Western discovery of Macau begins in 1513 when Portuguese explorer , Jorge Alvares , reached the south coast of China .	18	Arriving
No less impressive were the secular challenges .	6	Confronting_problem
China and Japan were not on speaking terms , so trade between them had to be channeled through a neutral middleman .	9	Causation
China and Japan were not on speaking terms , so trade between them had to be channeled through a neutral middleman .	10	Exchange
The Dutch sent an invasion flotilla to Macau in 1622 , but the defenders triumphed .	2	Sending
The Dutch sent an invasion flotilla to Macau in 1622 , but the defenders triumphed .	13	Defending
China began to relax trade restrictions , and with the rise of Hong Kong , Macau became an isolated Portuguese outpost .	1	Process_start
China began to relax trade restrictions , and with the rise of Hong Kong , Macau became an isolated Portuguese outpost .	4	Exchange
China began to relax trade restrictions , and with the rise of Hong Kong , Macau became an isolated Portuguese outpost .	16	Becoming
Macau , now the Chinese Special Economic Zone of Zhuhai , is becoming something like a boomtown as an exporter of toys , furniture , and electronics .	12	Becoming
Macau ' s population is estimated at around 450 , 000 , an appallingly high figure for such a small area ; recent land reclamation has eased the situation to some extent .	26	Cure
If a trace of tropical lethargy still adds to the charm in this city of sidewalk cafes , palm trees , and pedicabs , any torpor definitely ends once inside the doors of Macau ' s casinos , scene of some of the liveliest gambling west of Las Vegas .	27	Process_end
Gambling provides almost 40 percent of the government ' s tax revenues , and is a major source of employment .	1	Supply
Gambling provides almost 40 percent of the government ' s tax revenues , and is a major source of employment .	11	Earnings_and_losses
Arriving	0	Arriving
The easiest way to get to Macau is by jetfoil , operated by TurboJet ( Tel 2859 - 3333 ) .	1	Confronting_problem
The easiest way to get to Macau is by jetfoil , operated by TurboJet ( Tel 2859 - 3333 ) .	4	Arriving
Departures are from the Macau Ferry Terminal , just west of Central in the Shun Tak Centre , 200 Connaught Road , Central , in Hong Kong .	0	Departing
Pedicabs were once the most common form of transportation in Macau , but today they are mainly a tourist attraction .	18	Traveling
Sights in Macau	0	Traveling
Directly across the street from the wharf where passengers arrive from Hong Kong is the first surprise to greet visitors to Macau - the vast Jai - alai Palace , said to be the world ' s most luxurious fronton .	9	Arriving
Directly across the street from the wharf where passengers arrive from Hong Kong is the first surprise to greet visitors to Macau - the vast Jai - alai Palace , said to be the world ' s most luxurious fronton .	19	Traveling
In an effort to provide yet one more thing to bet on , players are imported from Spain to take part in this lightning - fast Basque ball game .	4	Supply
In an effort to provide yet one more thing to bet on , players are imported from Spain to take part in this lightning - fast Basque ball game .	13	Competition
In an effort to provide yet one more thing to bet on , players are imported from Spain to take part in this lightning - fast Basque ball game .	20	Participation
Also in front of the ferry terminal is a new Cyber fountain , with 86 water spouts that shoot up to 70 m ( 230 ft ) and are illuminated at night by 288 spotlights producing 80 colors .	35	Creating
Continuing around the peninsula in a clockwise direction brings you to the Rua da Praia Grande ( Big Beach Street ) - a pleasant promenade with shaded benches under the banyan trees .	8	Bringing
For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado ( ` ` Loyal Senate ` ` building ) , a fine example of colonial architecture .	8	Self_motion
For an authentic feel of old Portugal , slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado ( ` ` Loyal Senate ` ` building ) , a fine example of colonial architecture .	12	Arriving
The inscription over the archway reads , ` ` Cidade do nome de Deus , nao ha outra mais leal ' ' - ` ` City of the Name of God , None is More Loyal ' ' - a bit of praise attributed to Portugal ' s King John IV in the 17th century .	42	Judgment_communication
On top of a hill in the center of the city , it ' s approached by a grand staircase .	15	Arriving
The rest of the building and an adjoining college were destroyed in a typhoon - fanned fire in 1835 .	10	Destroying
It gives an overview of Macau ' s history and its daily life and traditions .	1	Giving
The fort , built by the Jesuits in the 17th century as a defense against the Dutch , was largely destroyed by the same fire that burned St . Paul ' s .	3	Building
The fort , built by the Jesuits in the 17th century as a defense against the Dutch , was largely destroyed by the same fire that burned St . Paul ' s .	13	Defending
The fort , built by the Jesuits in the 17th century as a defense against the Dutch , was largely destroyed by the same fire that burned St . Paul ' s .	20	Destroying
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusiadas , in what is now called the Camoes Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camoes Garden .	2	Statement
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusiadas , in what is now called the Camoes Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camoes Garden .	5	Writing
Local legend claims that he wrote part of his great saga , Os Lusiadas , in what is now called the Camoes Grotto , situated in the spacious tropical Camoes Garden .	24	Placing
Those whose fate was to die on some far foreign field could not have wanted a more peaceful , lovely graveyard .	5	Death
The small , whitewashed chapel was the first Protestant church built in China .	9	Building
Photos and documents tell the life story of the physician - revolutionary - statesman , who lived for a time in Macau , but never in this building .	11	Change_of_leadership
Surrounded by statues , carvings , and incense burners , here the faithful make their devotions and check their fortunes , and traditional funerary displays give a cheerful send - off to the recently departed .	13	Creating
Surrounded by statues , carvings , and incense burners , here the faithful make their devotions and check their fortunes , and traditional funerary displays give a cheerful send - off to the recently departed .	17	Scrutiny
Surrounded by statues , carvings , and incense burners , here the faithful make their devotions and check their fortunes , and traditional funerary displays give a cheerful send - off to the recently departed .	25	Giving
An unexpected piece of historical memorabilia turns up in the monastery garden , where guides point out a small stone table used for a treaty - signing ceremony in 1844 .	21	Using
An unexpected piece of historical memorabilia turns up in the monastery garden , where guides point out a small stone table used for a treaty - signing ceremony in 1844 .	26	Sign_agreement
The signatories , who were the Chinese viceroy from Canton and the minister plenipotentiary of the United States of America , put their names to a historic document - the first - ever treaty between the two countries .	1	Sign_agreement
Another important ceremony took place in 1999 when Macau became part of China .	9	Becoming
Nearby is the Macau Cultural Center and the Museum of Art ( open Tuesday - Sunday 10 am - 7 pm ; closed Monday ; small admission ) .	12	Openness
Nearby is the Macau Cultural Center and the Museum of Art ( open Tuesday - Sunday 10 am - 7 pm ; closed Monday ; small admission ) .	22	Openness
Nearby is the Macau Cultural Center and the Museum of Art ( open Tuesday - Sunday 10 am - 7 pm ; closed Monday ; small admission ) .	10	Create_artwork
Exhibits cover fishing , seaborne trade , sea transport , and there is an aquarium .	5	Exchange
Exhibits cover fishing , seaborne trade , sea transport , and there is an aquarium .	8	Bringing
Exhibits cover fishing , seaborne trade , sea transport , and there is an aquarium .	12	Presence
The Barrier Gate ( Portas do Cerco ) , which was built more than a century ago , marks the boundary between the enclave of Macau and the People ' s Republic of China .	11	Building
There are 12 of them ; you ca n ' t miss the eye - popping Lisboa , which has several floors of gambling , but there ' s also the Hyatt Regency , the Mandarian Oriental , and Taipa ' s Jockey Club .	1	Presence
There are 12 of them ; you ca n ' t miss the eye - popping Lisboa , which has several floors of gambling , but there ' s also the Hyatt Regency , the Mandarian Oriental , and Taipa ' s Jockey Club .	27	Presence
The casinos offer familiar international games - baccarat , blackjack , boule , craps , roulette - along with more exotic Chinese pastimes .	2	Giving
Players bet on the numbers that will come up , and on whether the result will be ` ` big ' ' or ` ` small . ' '	0	Participation
Players bet on the numbers that will come up , and on whether the result will be ` ` big ' ' or ` ` small . ' '	14	Earnings_and_losses
They keep busy 24 hours a day , but if you want a change of scene there are always more gambling opportunities available .	16	Presence
You should always ask for a certificate of guarantee when you buy gold or jewelry .	3	Request
You should always ask for a certificate of guarantee when you buy gold or jewelry .	11	Commerce_buy
Knowledgeable visitors look for antiques - either Chinese heirlooms or leftovers from the gracious Portuguese colonial days .	1	Traveling
Also worth investigating are contemporary handicrafts , both Portuguese and Chinese , from across the border .	2	Research
Whether you choose to dine in one of the Macanese , Chinese , traditional Portuguese , or international - style restaurants , you will be treated to a hearty meal at a good price .	2	Choosing
Whether you choose to dine in one of the Macanese , Chinese , traditional Portuguese , or international - style restaurants , you will be treated to a hearty meal at a good price .	4	Ingestion
Macau has an ample supply of Portuguese wines .	4	Supply
Since the construction of the New Macau - Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport , the population has grown to more than 30 , 000 , with industrial development , new apartment blocks , and luxury resort hotels .	2	Building
Since the construction of the New Macau - Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport , the population has grown to more than 30 , 000 , with industrial development , new apartment blocks , and luxury resort hotels .	11	Preventing_or_letting
Since the construction of the New Macau - Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport , the population has grown to more than 30 , 000 , with industrial development , new apartment blocks , and luxury resort hotels .	12	Confronting_problem
Since the construction of the New Macau - Taipa Bridge has allowed easy access to the airport , the population has grown to more than 30 , 000 , with industrial development , new apartment blocks , and luxury resort hotels .	30	Manufacturing
The quaint Taipa Village , with its narrow lanes and colonial buildings painted yellow , blue , and green , has almost been completely swallowed up by the development of nearby housing projects .	12	Filling
The quaint Taipa Village , with its narrow lanes and colonial buildings painted yellow , blue , and green , has almost been completely swallowed up by the development of nearby housing projects .	28	Creating
Not as developed as Taipa , it offers the joys of sand and sea and is known for its beaches .	7	Giving
An Excursion to Guangzhou ( Canton ) Guangzhou was China ' s major seaport for 2 , 000 years and the center for European traders in the 19th century .	1	Traveling
Ever since 1957 the Canton Trade Fair ( officially the Chinese Export Commodities Fair ) has attracted throngs of international business people every spring and autumn .	5	Exchange
Ever since 1957 the Canton Trade Fair ( officially the Chinese Export Commodities Fair ) has attracted throngs of international business people every spring and autumn .	6	Social_event
Ever since 1957 the Canton Trade Fair ( officially the Chinese Export Commodities Fair ) has attracted throngs of international business people every spring and autumn .	16	Motion
The scary traffic is a real experience - vehicles of all kinds jockey for position on crowded streets , missing each other by inches , and speeding on the freeways is rampant .	5	Presence
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .	4	Traveling
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .	24	Traveling
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .	21	Confronting_problem
Four comfortable express trains depart the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) Station in Hung Hom , Kowloon , making the trip in less than two hours .	4	Departing
Four comfortable express trains depart the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) Station in Hung Hom , Kowloon , making the trip in less than two hours .	22	Traveling
Four comfortable express trains depart the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) Station in Hung Hom , Kowloon , making the trip in less than two hours .	20	Self_motion
Turbo Cat ferries leave the China Hong Kong City ( CHKC ) terminal twice a day ; the journey takes two hours .	3	Departing
Turbo Cat ferries leave the China Hong Kong City ( CHKC ) terminal twice a day ; the journey takes two hours .	18	Traveling
Citibus also travels to Guangzhou from CHKC ; there are five round - trips a day , taking 3 1 / 2 hours .	2	Motion
Citibus also travels to Guangzhou from CHKC ; there are five round - trips a day , taking 3 1 / 2 hours .	9	Presence
Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou , or you can change your currency into RMB ( yuan ) at any bank or hotel .	5	Receiving
English is spoken in hotels and tourist destinations .	6	Traveling
Sights in Guangzhou	0	Traveling
Yuexiu Park , situated near the Trade Fair in the northern part of the city , is Guangzhou ' s largest ; it covers a hilly 100 hectares ( 247 acres ) .	3	Placing
Actually a five - story pavilion on a hilltop , it contains a fine collection of historical exhibits .	11	Containing
Dr . Sun Yat - sen ' s Memorial Hall honors the founder of the Chinese Revolution , flanked by his heroic statue in copper .	16	Change_of_leadership
This enormous , modern version of a traditional Chinese building , with sweeping blue tile roofs , contains an auditorium big enough to seat 4 , 700 people .	17	Containing
It was built in 1931 with contributions from overseas Chinese .	2	Building
It was built in 1931 with contributions from overseas Chinese .	6	Giving
Although the banyan trees that once flourished here are now no more , the often - restored complex has remained a focus of local Buddhist activities .	16	Recovering
Although the banyan trees that once flourished here are now no more , the often - restored complex has remained a focus of local Buddhist activities .	19	Presence
Although the banyan trees that once flourished here are now no more , the often - restored complex has remained a focus of local Buddhist activities .	25	Action
In the early Middle Ages , Canton had a significant Muslim population as a result of its trade with the Middle East .	14	Causation
In the early Middle Ages , Canton had a significant Muslim population as a result of its trade with the Middle East .	17	Exchange
The modern minaret is known as the ` ` Plain ( or Naked ) Pagoda , ' ' in contrast to the Flower Pagoda of the Buddhist temple .	12	Wearing
Chen Jia Ci , the Chen Family Institute ( open daily 8 : 30 am - 5 pm ) , was built in the late 19th century to promote arts and crafts .	21	Building
Chen Jia Ci , the Chen Family Institute ( open daily 8 : 30 am - 5 pm ) , was built in the late 19th century to promote arts and crafts .	28	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Chen Jia Ci , the Chen Family Institute ( open daily 8 : 30 am - 5 pm ) , was built in the late 19th century to promote arts and crafts .	29	Create_artwork
Chen Jia Ci , the Chen Family Institute ( open daily 8 : 30 am - 5 pm ) , was built in the late 19th century to promote arts and crafts .	31	Create_artwork
Zhou Enlai also taught here .	3	Education_teaching
This small formerly residential island , beautifully shaded by banyan trees , was the home of the closed community of the foreign colony in the era of ` ` concessions . ' '	29	Statement
A popular optional excursion is an hour ' s detour to Guangzhou Zoo , founded in 1958 .	3	Traveling
A popular optional excursion is an hour ' s detour to Guangzhou Zoo , founded in 1958 .	14	Creating
The Cantonese love to eat and have the reputation of eating almost anything that walks on four legs .	4	Ingestion
The Cantonese love to eat and have the reputation of eating almost anything that walks on four legs .	10	Ingestion
The Cantonese love to eat and have the reputation of eating almost anything that walks on four legs .	14	Self_motion
A Side Trip to Foshan	2	Traveling
A very popular day - trip from Guangzhou goes to Foshan , a city of nearly 300 , 000 people , renowned for its handicrafts for more than a thousand years .	8	Motion
Foshan ' s most outstanding artistic monument is Zu Miao , the Taoist Ancestral Temple , a Sung dynasty establishment rebuilt in the 14th century and well worth visiting .	28	Traveling
Constructed in wood , brick , stone , ceramic , and bronze , this is a work of extravagant beauty , uniting many ancient art forms .	0	Building
Constructed in wood , brick , stone , ceramic , and bronze , this is a work of extravagant beauty , uniting many ancient art forms .	24	Create_artwork
An Excursion to Shenzhen	1	Traveling
Literally created out of rural farmland , it was set up in the 1970s as the answer to Hong Kong .	1	Creating
Literally created out of rural farmland , it was set up in the 1970s as the answer to Hong Kong .	9	Creating
It is even becoming something of a commuter town - owning or renting an apartment here costs a fraction of what it would in Hong Kong .	3	Becoming
It is even becoming something of a commuter town - owning or renting an apartment here costs a fraction of what it would in Hong Kong .	16	Cost
Shenzhen is easy to reach - the KCR commuter train runs throughout the day , the trip taking about 40 minutes .	2	Confronting_problem
Shenzhen is easy to reach - the KCR commuter train runs throughout the day , the trip taking about 40 minutes .	4	Arriving
Shenzhen is easy to reach - the KCR commuter train runs throughout the day , the trip taking about 40 minutes .	16	Traveling
City buses also go to Shenzhen .	3	Motion
Shenzhen ' s main tourist attractions are its enormous theme parks .	4	Traveling
It contains elaborate replicas of China ' s chief monments in impressive detail , including a scaled - down version of the Great Wall .	1	Containing
The 24 China Folk Culture Villages represent China ' s ethnic variety ; they feature craftspeople in traditional costumes along with folksong and dance performances .	18	Wearing
It quickly spread to the first floor where the main bathroom was destroyed .	12	Destroying
Initial calls said that many animals were inside the house and firefighters quickly worked to rescue all the cats and dogs .	1	Communication
Initial calls said that many animals were inside the house and firefighters quickly worked to rescue all the cats and dogs .	2	Communication
At least one cat and one dog had to receive CPR and oxygen , but both are reported to be in stable condition .	17	Statement
' ' There was smoke all over the house .	3	Presence
Two firefighters were injured while fighting the fire and were transported to Erie County Medical Center , ' ' said Division Fire Chief Thomas Ashe who also said that sections of the kitchen wall at the back of the house had to be torn out to stop the fire from spreading through the walls .	3	Bodily_harm
Two firefighters were injured while fighting the fire and were transported to Erie County Medical Center , ' ' said Division Fire Chief Thomas Ashe who also said that sections of the kitchen wall at the back of the house had to be torn out to stop the fire from spreading through the walls .	10	Bringing
Two firefighters were injured while fighting the fire and were transported to Erie County Medical Center , ' ' said Division Fire Chief Thomas Ashe who also said that sections of the kitchen wall at the back of the house had to be torn out to stop the fire from spreading through the walls .	19	Statement
Two firefighters were injured while fighting the fire and were transported to Erie County Medical Center , ' ' said Division Fire Chief Thomas Ashe who also said that sections of the kitchen wall at the back of the house had to be torn out to stop the fire from spreading through the walls .	43	Removing
Two firefighters were injured while fighting the fire and were transported to Erie County Medical Center , ' ' said Division Fire Chief Thomas Ashe who also said that sections of the kitchen wall at the back of the house had to be torn out to stop the fire from spreading through the walls .	46	Preventing_or_letting
The other firefighter was treated for injuries he received to his hand , which was believed to have been caused by glass or a cat scratching him .	19	Causation
The injuries are said to not be life threatening .	3	Communication
North Korea has joined , violated , and withdrawn from the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) in the course of activities apparently dedicated to the production of nuclear weapons .	23	Action
North Korea has joined , violated , and withdrawn from the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) in the course of activities apparently dedicated to the production of nuclear weapons .	28	Manufacturing
North Korea has joined , violated , and withdrawn from the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) in the course of activities apparently dedicated to the production of nuclear weapons .	3	Becoming_a_member
On 23 April 2003 in Beijing , North Korean Deputy Foreign Minster Li Gun ( Lee Gu ( n ) reportedly told U . S . Assistant Secretary for East Asian and Pacific Affairs James Kelly that North Korea possesses nuclear weapons .	21	Telling
Li made the statement during trilateral talks between delegations from the United States , China , and North Korea .	3	Statement
Li made the statement during trilateral talks between delegations from the United States , China , and North Korea .	6	Communication
The six parties have agreed to hold working - level talks , and all sides have stated they have the ultimate goal of a non - nuclear Korean peninsula .	10	Communication
The six parties have agreed to hold working - level talks , and all sides have stated they have the ultimate goal of a non - nuclear Korean peninsula .	16	Statement
The six parties have agreed to hold working - level talks , and all sides have stated they have the ultimate goal of a non - nuclear Korean peninsula .	26	Bearing_arms
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .	5	Communication
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .	15	Presence
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .	16	Statement
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .	1	Scrutiny
Under the Agreed Framework of October 1994 , Pyongyang also agreed to fulfill its commitments under the joint declaration .	14	Commitment
Pyongyang said it was lifting the freeze to generate electricity to compensate for the loss of HFO supplies , and North Korean technicians were able to remove seals and disable monitoring cameras at nuclear facilities in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun within a matter of days .	1	Statement
Pyongyang said it was lifting the freeze to generate electricity to compensate for the loss of HFO supplies , and North Korean technicians were able to remove seals and disable monitoring cameras at nuclear facilities in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun within a matter of days .	4	Process_end
Pyongyang said it was lifting the freeze to generate electricity to compensate for the loss of HFO supplies , and North Korean technicians were able to remove seals and disable monitoring cameras at nuclear facilities in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun within a matter of days .	8	Creating
Pyongyang said it was lifting the freeze to generate electricity to compensate for the loss of HFO supplies , and North Korean technicians were able to remove seals and disable monitoring cameras at nuclear facilities in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun within a matter of days .	26	Removing
Pyongyang said it was lifting the freeze to generate electricity to compensate for the loss of HFO supplies , and North Korean technicians were able to remove seals and disable monitoring cameras at nuclear facilities in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun within a matter of days .	30	Scrutiny
The IAEA ' s ability to directly monitor activities at the Yo ( ngbyo ( n nuclear complex was completely lost in late December 2002 when North Korea expelled IAEA inspectors who had been monitoring the freeze .	7	Scrutiny
The IAEA ' s ability to directly monitor activities at the Yo ( ngbyo ( n nuclear complex was completely lost in late December 2002 when North Korea expelled IAEA inspectors who had been monitoring the freeze .	34	Scrutiny
The IAEA ' s ability to directly monitor activities at the Yo ( ngbyo ( n nuclear complex was completely lost in late December 2002 when North Korea expelled IAEA inspectors who had been monitoring the freeze .	30	Scrutiny
The IAEA ' s ability to directly monitor activities at the Yo ( ngbyo ( n nuclear complex was completely lost in late December 2002 when North Korea expelled IAEA inspectors who had been monitoring the freeze .	8	Action
The IAEA ' s ability to directly monitor activities at the Yo ( ngbyo ( n nuclear complex was completely lost in late December 2002 when North Korea expelled IAEA inspectors who had been monitoring the freeze .	28	Removing
In the spring of 2003 , US intelligence detected activities around the Radiochemisty Laboratory , a reprocessing facility in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , that indicate North Korea was probably reprocessing the 8 , 000 spent fuel rods that had been in a temporary storage pond .	9	Action
In the spring of 2003 , US intelligence detected activities around the Radiochemisty Laboratory , a reprocessing facility in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , that indicate North Korea was probably reprocessing the 8 , 000 spent fuel rods that had been in a temporary storage pond .	8	Know
In January 2004 , a delegation of American private citizens confirmed that the cannisters in the temporary storage pond were empty .	10	Check
In the summer of 2002 , US intelligence reportedly discovered new evidence about transfers of HEU technology and / or materials from Pakistan in exchange for ballistic missiles .	13	Sending
In the summer of 2002 , US intelligence reportedly discovered new evidence about transfers of HEU technology and / or materials from Pakistan in exchange for ballistic missiles .	9	Know
In October 2002 , a delegation led by James Kelly , US Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and Pacific Affairs , visited Pyongyang and notified North Korean officials that the United States was aware of Pyongyang ' s HEU development program .	23	Arriving
In October 2002 , a delegation led by James Kelly , US Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and Pacific Affairs , visited Pyongyang and notified North Korean officials that the United States was aware of Pyongyang ' s HEU development program .	26	Telling
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program ' s stage of development .	4	Manufacturing
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program ' s stage of development .	18	Cause_to_make_progress
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program ' s stage of development .	21	Confronting_problem
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program ' s stage of development .	23	Know
Libya has since abandoned its nuclear ambitions and is cooperating with the IAEA and the United States , which has revealed much about Khan ' s network .	9	Collaboration
However , the report lacks details , and its contents have not been confirmed .	13	Check
North Korea first became embroiled with nuclear politics during the Korean War .	4	Participation
North Korea first became embroiled with nuclear politics during the Korean War .	3	Becoming
Although nuclear weapons were never used in Korea , American political leaders and military commanders threatened to use nuclear weapons to end the Korean War on terms favorable to the United States .	5	Using
Although nuclear weapons were never used in Korea , American political leaders and military commanders threatened to use nuclear weapons to end the Korean War on terms favorable to the United States .	17	Using
Although nuclear weapons were never used in Korea , American political leaders and military commanders threatened to use nuclear weapons to end the Korean War on terms favorable to the United States .	15	Commitment
Although nuclear weapons were never used in Korea , American political leaders and military commanders threatened to use nuclear weapons to end the Korean War on terms favorable to the United States .	21	Process_end
In 1958 , the United States deployed nuclear weapons to South Korea for the first time , and the weapons remained there until President George Bush ordered their withdrawal in 1991 .	6	Arranging
In 1958 , the United States deployed nuclear weapons to South Korea for the first time , and the weapons remained there until President George Bush ordered their withdrawal in 1991 .	26	Request
In 1958 , the United States deployed nuclear weapons to South Korea for the first time , and the weapons remained there until President George Bush ordered their withdrawal in 1991 .	28	Removing
Those who believe North Korea is a revisionist state argue that Pyongyang ' s nuclear motivations constitute a serious external threat .	9	Protest
Proponents of this school often argue that North Korea ' s nuclear motivations are defensive in nature and designed to deter external threats to the DPRK .	5	Protest
Proponents of this school often argue that North Korea ' s nuclear motivations are defensive in nature and designed to deter external threats to the DPRK .	14	Defending
Evidence to support this argument includes the July 4 North - South Joint Communiqu of 1972 ; the Agreement on Reconciliation , Nonaggression , and Exchanges and Cooperation between North and South Korea of 1991 ( the so - called ` ` Basic Agreement ' ' ) ; the Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula of 1991 ; the summit meeting of 2000 ; the Agreed Framework with the United States ; and reunification proposals that would recognize ` ` two systems ' ' for the north and south .	4	Protest
Evidence to support this argument includes the July 4 North - South Joint Communiqu of 1972 ; the Agreement on Reconciliation , Nonaggression , and Exchanges and Cooperation between North and South Korea of 1991 ( the so - called ` ` Basic Agreement ' ' ) ; the Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula of 1991 ; the summit meeting of 2000 ; the Agreed Framework with the United States ; and reunification proposals that would recognize ` ` two systems ' ' for the north and south .	77	Statement
Evidence to support this argument includes the July 4 North - South Joint Communiqu of 1972 ; the Agreement on Reconciliation , Nonaggression , and Exchanges and Cooperation between North and South Korea of 1991 ( the so - called ` ` Basic Agreement ' ' ) ; the Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula of 1991 ; the summit meeting of 2000 ; the Agreed Framework with the United States ; and reunification proposals that would recognize ` ` two systems ' ' for the north and south .	63	Communication
However , critics argue that Pyongyang ' s behavior is inconsistent and that this evidence is not credible .	2	Judgment_communication
However , critics argue that Pyongyang ' s behavior is inconsistent and that this evidence is not credible .	3	Protest
However , critics argue that Pyongyang ' s behavior is inconsistent and that this evidence is not credible .	8	Action
In the early 1950s , North Korea began establishing the institutional base to train the human resources for its nuclear development program .	7	Process_start
In the early 1950s , North Korea began establishing the institutional base to train the human resources for its nuclear development program .	13	Education_teaching
In the early 1950s , North Korea began establishing the institutional base to train the human resources for its nuclear development program .	8	Creating
Pyongyang signed the founding charter of the Soviet Union ' s Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in February 1956 , and began to send scientists and technicians there for training shortly thereafter .	1	Sign_agreement
Pyongyang signed the founding charter of the Soviet Union ' s Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in February 1956 , and began to send scientists and technicians there for training shortly thereafter .	21	Process_start
Pyongyang signed the founding charter of the Soviet Union ' s Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in February 1956 , and began to send scientists and technicians there for training shortly thereafter .	29	Education_teaching
Pyongyang signed the founding charter of the Soviet Union ' s Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in February 1956 , and began to send scientists and technicians there for training shortly thereafter .	23	Sending
Pyongyang signed the founding charter of the Soviet Union ' s Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in February 1956 , and began to send scientists and technicians there for training shortly thereafter .	3	Creating
In 1959 , North Korea and the USSR signed an agreement on the peaceful use of nuclear energy that included a provision for Soviet help to establishment a nuclear research complex in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , North P ' yo ( ng ' an Province .	8	Sign_agreement
In 1959 , North Korea and the USSR signed an agreement on the peaceful use of nuclear energy that included a provision for Soviet help to establishment a nuclear research complex in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , North P ' yo ( ng ' an Province .	14	Using
In 1959 , North Korea and the USSR signed an agreement on the peaceful use of nuclear energy that included a provision for Soviet help to establishment a nuclear research complex in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , North P ' yo ( ng ' an Province .	24	Assistance
In 1959 , North Korea and the USSR signed an agreement on the peaceful use of nuclear energy that included a provision for Soviet help to establishment a nuclear research complex in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , North P ' yo ( ng ' an Province .	26	Creating
In 1959 , North Korea and the USSR signed an agreement on the peaceful use of nuclear energy that included a provision for Soviet help to establishment a nuclear research complex in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , North P ' yo ( ng ' an Province .	29	Research
In the early 1960s , the Soviet Union provided extensive technical assistance while North Korea constructed its Yo ( ngbyo ( n Nuclear Research Center , which included the installation of a Soviet IRT - 2000 Nuclear Research Reactor , and other facilities ( see Yo ( ngbyo ( n Nuclear Research Center ) .	11	Assistance
In the early 1960s , the Soviet Union provided extensive technical assistance while North Korea constructed its Yo ( ngbyo ( n Nuclear Research Center , which included the installation of a Soviet IRT - 2000 Nuclear Research Reactor , and other facilities ( see Yo ( ngbyo ( n Nuclear Research Center ) .	15	Building
In the early 1960s , the Soviet Union provided extensive technical assistance while North Korea constructed its Yo ( ngbyo ( n Nuclear Research Center , which included the installation of a Soviet IRT - 2000 Nuclear Research Reactor , and other facilities ( see Yo ( ngbyo ( n Nuclear Research Center ) .	8	Supply
The cabinet and the Academy of Sciences were given operational and administrative oversight of the nuclear facilities , but ultimate control of the program and decisions over weapons development belonged to North Korean leader Kim Il Sung .	25	Deciding
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim ' s original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .	4	Process_start
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim ' s original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .	24	Causation
Kim Il Sung appreciated Soviet and Chinese support during the Korean War , but he had expected more , particularly from the Soviets , and he was dissatisfied that the war had ended in a stalemate .	32	Process_end
Kim Il Sung appreciated Soviet and Chinese support during the Korean War , but he had expected more , particularly from the Soviets , and he was dissatisfied that the war had ended in a stalemate .	35	Hostile_encounter
Kim Il Sung appreciated Soviet and Chinese support during the Korean War , but he had expected more , particularly from the Soviets , and he was dissatisfied that the war had ended in a stalemate .	30	Hostile_encounter
In 1961 , Pyongyang signed ` ` treaties of friendship , cooperation , and mutual assistance ' ' with both Moscow and Beijing , but events led Kim to question the credibility of these alliances .	4	Sign_agreement
In 1961 , Pyongyang signed ` ` treaties of friendship , cooperation , and mutual assistance ' ' with both Moscow and Beijing , but events led Kim to question the credibility of these alliances .	11	Collaboration
In 1961 , Pyongyang signed ` ` treaties of friendship , cooperation , and mutual assistance ' ' with both Moscow and Beijing , but events led Kim to question the credibility of these alliances .	15	Assistance
In 1961 , Pyongyang signed ` ` treaties of friendship , cooperation , and mutual assistance ' ' with both Moscow and Beijing , but events led Kim to question the credibility of these alliances .	26	Causation
Only two months later , the Korean Workers ' Party Central Committee adopted policies to strengthen the military and to implement import - substitution programs to reduce dependency on arms imports .	26	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Second , there are reports that Kim Il Sung asked China to share its nuclear weapons technology following China ' s first nuclear test in October 1964 , but Chairman Mao refused .	9	Request
Second , there are reports that Kim Il Sung asked China to share its nuclear weapons technology following China ' s first nuclear test in October 1964 , but Chairman Mao refused .	4	Statement
Second , there are reports that Kim Il Sung asked China to share its nuclear weapons technology following China ' s first nuclear test in October 1964 , but Chairman Mao refused .	23	Testing
Second , there are reports that Kim Il Sung asked China to share its nuclear weapons technology following China ' s first nuclear test in October 1964 , but Chairman Mao refused .	31	Agree_or_refuse_to_act
By the early 1970s , North Korean engineers were using indigenous technology to expand the IRT - 2000 research reactor and Pyongyang began to acquire plutonium reprocessing technology from the Soviet Union .	9	Using
By the early 1970s , North Korean engineers were using indigenous technology to expand the IRT - 2000 research reactor and Pyongyang began to acquire plutonium reprocessing technology from the Soviet Union .	18	Research
By the early 1970s , North Korean engineers were using indigenous technology to expand the IRT - 2000 research reactor and Pyongyang began to acquire plutonium reprocessing technology from the Soviet Union .	24	Getting
By the early 1970s , North Korean engineers were using indigenous technology to expand the IRT - 2000 research reactor and Pyongyang began to acquire plutonium reprocessing technology from the Soviet Union .	22	Process_start
By the early 1970s , North Korean engineers were using indigenous technology to expand the IRT - 2000 research reactor and Pyongyang began to acquire plutonium reprocessing technology from the Soviet Union .	13	Expansion
In July 1977 , North Korea signed a trilateral safeguards agreement with the IAEA and the USSR that brought the IRT - 2000 research reactor and a critical assembly in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun under IAEA safeguards .	6	Sign_agreement
In July 1977 , North Korea signed a trilateral safeguards agreement with the IAEA and the USSR that brought the IRT - 2000 research reactor and a critical assembly in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun under IAEA safeguards .	18	Causation
In July 1977 , North Korea signed a trilateral safeguards agreement with the IAEA and the USSR that brought the IRT - 2000 research reactor and a critical assembly in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun under IAEA safeguards .	23	Research
The early 1980s also marks the beginning of high explosives test that are required for the triggering mechanism in a nuclear bomb .	10	Testing
By the mid - 1980s , Pyongyang began construction on a 50MW ( e ) nuclear power reactor in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , while expanding its uranium processing facilities .	8	Building
By the mid - 1980s , Pyongyang began construction on a 50MW ( e ) nuclear power reactor in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , while expanding its uranium processing facilities .	7	Process_start
By the mid - 1980s , Pyongyang began construction on a 50MW ( e ) nuclear power reactor in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun , while expanding its uranium processing facilities .	28	Expansion
Some of technology and equipment acquired during this period had dual - use applications for a uranium enrichment program that was not revealed until the late 1990s .	5	Getting
Some of technology and equipment acquired during this period had dual - use applications for a uranium enrichment program that was not revealed until the late 1990s .	13	Using
Some of technology and equipment acquired during this period had dual - use applications for a uranium enrichment program that was not revealed until the late 1990s .	22	Reveal_secret
North Korea ' s energy concerns make nuclear energy a legitimate rationale for nuclear power , and Pyongyang explored the acquisition of light water reactor technology in the early to mid - 1980s .	20	Getting
North Korea ' s energy concerns make nuclear energy a legitimate rationale for nuclear power , and Pyongyang explored the acquisition of light water reactor technology in the early to mid - 1980s .	6	Causation
This period coincided with the expansion of North Korea ' s indigenously designed reactor program , which was based on gas - graphite moderated reactors similar in design to the Calder Hall reactors first built in the United Kingdom in the 1950s .	12	Creating
This period coincided with the expansion of North Korea ' s indigenously designed reactor program , which was based on gas - graphite moderated reactors similar in design to the Calder Hall reactors first built in the United Kingdom in the 1950s .	34	Building
In the early 1980s , Pyongyang was also exploring the acquisition of light water power reactors , and agreed to sign the NPT in December 1985 in exchange for Soviet assistance in the construction of four light water reactors .	10	Getting
In the early 1980s , Pyongyang was also exploring the acquisition of light water power reactors , and agreed to sign the NPT in December 1985 in exchange for Soviet assistance in the construction of four light water reactors .	20	Sign_agreement
In the early 1980s , Pyongyang was also exploring the acquisition of light water power reactors , and agreed to sign the NPT in December 1985 in exchange for Soviet assistance in the construction of four light water reactors .	30	Assistance
In the early 1980s , Pyongyang was also exploring the acquisition of light water power reactors , and agreed to sign the NPT in December 1985 in exchange for Soviet assistance in the construction of four light water reactors .	33	Building
After signing the NPT , countries have 18 months to complete a safeguards agreement with the IAEA .	1	Sign_agreement
In North Korea ' s case , it was later discovered that the agency provided the wrong documents for the safeguards agreement and the IAEA subsequently gave North Korea an additional 18 months to complete the agreement .	10	Know
In North Korea ' s case , it was later discovered that the agency provided the wrong documents for the safeguards agreement and the IAEA subsequently gave North Korea an additional 18 months to complete the agreement .	14	Supply
In North Korea ' s case , it was later discovered that the agency provided the wrong documents for the safeguards agreement and the IAEA subsequently gave North Korea an additional 18 months to complete the agreement .	26	Giving
Nevertheless , North Korea failed to meet the extended deadline , as Pyongyang demanded that the United States withdraw its nuclear weapons from South Korea , and that Washington and Seoul terminate the joint military exercise ` ` Team Spirit . ' '	13	Request
Nevertheless , North Korea failed to meet the extended deadline , as Pyongyang demanded that the United States withdraw its nuclear weapons from South Korea , and that Washington and Seoul terminate the joint military exercise ` ` Team Spirit . ' '	18	Removing
Nevertheless , North Korea failed to meet the extended deadline , as Pyongyang demanded that the United States withdraw its nuclear weapons from South Korea , and that Washington and Seoul terminate the joint military exercise ` ` Team Spirit . ' '	31	Process_end
Nevertheless , North Korea failed to meet the extended deadline , as Pyongyang demanded that the United States withdraw its nuclear weapons from South Korea , and that Washington and Seoul terminate the joint military exercise ` ` Team Spirit . ' '	35	Practice
In September 1991 , President George Bush announced that the United States would withdraw its nuclear weapons from South Korea , and on 18 December 1991 , President Roh Tae Woo declared that South Korea was free of nuclear weapons .	7	Statement
In September 1991 , President George Bush announced that the United States would withdraw its nuclear weapons from South Korea , and on 18 December 1991 , President Roh Tae Woo declared that South Korea was free of nuclear weapons .	31	Statement
In September 1991 , President George Bush announced that the United States would withdraw its nuclear weapons from South Korea , and on 18 December 1991 , President Roh Tae Woo declared that South Korea was free of nuclear weapons .	13	Removing
Under the terms of the agreement , North Korea provided an ` ` initial declaration ' ' of its nuclear facilities and materials , provided access for IAEA inspectors to verify the completeness and correctness of the initial declaration .	30	Check
Under the terms of the agreement , North Korea provided an ` ` initial declaration ' ' of its nuclear facilities and materials , provided access for IAEA inspectors to verify the completeness and correctness of the initial declaration .	28	Scrutiny
Under the terms of the agreement , North Korea provided an ` ` initial declaration ' ' of its nuclear facilities and materials , provided access for IAEA inspectors to verify the completeness and correctness of the initial declaration .	9	Supply
Six rounds of inspections began in May 1992 and concluded in February 1993 .	4	Process_start
Six rounds of inspections began in May 1992 and concluded in February 1993 .	9	Process_end
Six rounds of inspections began in May 1992 and concluded in February 1993 .	3	Scrutiny
Pyongyang ' s initial declaration included a small plutonium sample ( less than 100 grams ) , which North Korean officials said was reprocessed from damaged spent fuel rods that were removed from the 5MW ( e ) reactor in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun .	21	Statement
Pyongyang ' s initial declaration included a small plutonium sample ( less than 100 grams ) , which North Korean officials said was reprocessed from damaged spent fuel rods that were removed from the 5MW ( e ) reactor in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun .	31	Removing
Pyongyang ' s initial declaration included a small plutonium sample ( less than 100 grams ) , which North Korean officials said was reprocessed from damaged spent fuel rods that were removed from the 5MW ( e ) reactor in Yo ( ngbyo ( n - kun .	25	Damaging
However , following intense bilateral negotiations with the United States , North Korea announced it was ` ` suspending its withdrawal from the NPT ' ' one day before the withdrawal was to become effective .	5	Communication
However , following intense bilateral negotiations with the United States , North Korea announced it was ` ` suspending its withdrawal from the NPT ' ' one day before the withdrawal was to become effective .	13	Statement
However , following intense bilateral negotiations with the United States , North Korea announced it was ` ` suspending its withdrawal from the NPT ' ' one day before the withdrawal was to become effective .	33	Becoming
Pyongyang agreed to ` ` suspend ' ' its withdrawal while talks continued with Washington , but claimed to have a special status in regard to its nuclear safeguards commitments .	11	Communication
Pyongyang agreed to ` ` suspend ' ' its withdrawal while talks continued with Washington , but claimed to have a special status in regard to its nuclear safeguards commitments .	17	Statement
Pyongyang agreed to ` ` suspend ' ' its withdrawal while talks continued with Washington , but claimed to have a special status in regard to its nuclear safeguards commitments .	29	Commitment
Under this ` ` special status , ' ' North Korea agreed to allow the ` ` continuity of safeguards ' ' on its present activities , but refused to allow inspections that could verify past nuclear activities .	25	Action
Under this ` ` special status , ' ' North Korea agreed to allow the ` ` continuity of safeguards ' ' on its present activities , but refused to allow inspections that could verify past nuclear activities .	31	Scrutiny
Under this ` ` special status , ' ' North Korea agreed to allow the ` ` continuity of safeguards ' ' on its present activities , but refused to allow inspections that could verify past nuclear activities .	13	Preventing_or_letting
Under this ` ` special status , ' ' North Korea agreed to allow the ` ` continuity of safeguards ' ' on its present activities , but refused to allow inspections that could verify past nuclear activities .	34	Check
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .	7	Process_start
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .	8	Removing
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .	18	Scrutiny
The Clinton administration announced that it would ask the UN Security Council to impose economic sanctions , but Pyongyang then declared that it would consider economic sanctions ` ` an act of war . ' '	3	Statement
The Clinton administration announced that it would ask the UN Security Council to impose economic sanctions , but Pyongyang then declared that it would consider economic sanctions ` ` an act of war . ' '	20	Statement
The Clinton administration announced that it would ask the UN Security Council to impose economic sanctions , but Pyongyang then declared that it would consider economic sanctions ` ` an act of war . ' '	15	Revenge
The Clinton administration announced that it would ask the UN Security Council to impose economic sanctions , but Pyongyang then declared that it would consider economic sanctions ` ` an act of war . ' '	7	Request
The Clinton administration announced that it would ask the UN Security Council to impose economic sanctions , but Pyongyang then declared that it would consider economic sanctions ` ` an act of war . ' '	32	Hostile_encounter
Carter announced from Pyongyang that Kim had accepted the broad outline of a deal that was later finalized as the ` ` Agreed Framework ' ' in October 1994 .	1	Statement
Furthermore , the United States was to provide ` ` formal assurances against the threat or use of nuclear weapons by the US . ' '	11	Telling
Furthermore , the United States was to provide ` ` formal assurances against the threat or use of nuclear weapons by the US . ' '	16	Using
Furthermore , the United States was to provide ` ` formal assurances against the threat or use of nuclear weapons by the US . ' '	7	Supply
The United States was dissatisfied with the postponement of safeguards inspections to verify Pyongyang ' s past activities , and North Korea was dissatisfied with the delayed construction of the light water power reactors .	10	Scrutiny
The United States was dissatisfied with the postponement of safeguards inspections to verify Pyongyang ' s past activities , and North Korea was dissatisfied with the delayed construction of the light water power reactors .	17	Action
The United States was dissatisfied with the postponement of safeguards inspections to verify Pyongyang ' s past activities , and North Korea was dissatisfied with the delayed construction of the light water power reactors .	12	Check
The United States was dissatisfied with the postponement of safeguards inspections to verify Pyongyang ' s past activities , and North Korea was dissatisfied with the delayed construction of the light water power reactors .	27	Building
In fact , Pyongyang had demanded compensation from Washington , but the US position has been that 2003 was only a ` ` target date ' ' and not a strict contractual commitment .	5	Request
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek ` ` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea ' s missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ' '	3	Coming_to_believe
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek ` ` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea ' s missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ' '	19	Check
From Washington ' s perspective , ` ` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework ' ' meant an acceleration of safeguards inspections , even though the agreement did not require Pyongyang to submit to full safeguards inspections to verify its past activities until a significant portion of the reactor construction was completed but before the delivery of critical reactor components .	21	Scrutiny
From Washington ' s perspective , ` ` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework ' ' meant an acceleration of safeguards inspections , even though the agreement did not require Pyongyang to submit to full safeguards inspections to verify its past activities until a significant portion of the reactor construction was completed but before the delivery of critical reactor components .	38	Check
From Washington ' s perspective , ` ` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework ' ' meant an acceleration of safeguards inspections , even though the agreement did not require Pyongyang to submit to full safeguards inspections to verify its past activities until a significant portion of the reactor construction was completed but before the delivery of critical reactor components .	49	Building
From Washington ' s perspective , ` ` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework ' ' meant an acceleration of safeguards inspections , even though the agreement did not require Pyongyang to submit to full safeguards inspections to verify its past activities until a significant portion of the reactor construction was completed but before the delivery of critical reactor components .	55	Sending
From Washington ' s perspective , ` ` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework ' ' meant an acceleration of safeguards inspections , even though the agreement did not require Pyongyang to submit to full safeguards inspections to verify its past activities until a significant portion of the reactor construction was completed but before the delivery of critical reactor components .	41	Action
In October 2002 , bilateral talks between the United States and North Korea finally resumed when US Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and Pacific Affairs James Kelly visited Pyongyang .	5	Communication
In October 2002 , bilateral talks between the United States and North Korea finally resumed when US Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and Pacific Affairs James Kelly visited Pyongyang .	29	Arriving
During the visit , Kelly informed First Vice Foreign Minister Kang So ( k Chu and Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Kwan that Washington was aware of a secret North Korean program to produce highly - enriched uranium ( HEU ) .	2	Arriving
During the visit , Kelly informed First Vice Foreign Minister Kang So ( k Chu and Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Kwan that Washington was aware of a secret North Korean program to produce highly - enriched uranium ( HEU ) .	5	Telling
During the visit , Kelly informed First Vice Foreign Minister Kang So ( k Chu and Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Kwan that Washington was aware of a secret North Korean program to produce highly - enriched uranium ( HEU ) .	33	Manufacturing
The US State Department claims that North Korean officials admitted to having such a program during a second day of meetings with Kelly , but North Korea now claims that it has only admitted to having a ` ` plan to produce nuclear weapons , ' ' which Pyongyang claims is part of its right to self - defense .	4	Statement
The US State Department claims that North Korean officials admitted to having such a program during a second day of meetings with Kelly , but North Korea now claims that it has only admitted to having a ` ` plan to produce nuclear weapons , ' ' which Pyongyang claims is part of its right to self - defense .	9	Reveal_secret
The US State Department claims that North Korean officials admitted to having such a program during a second day of meetings with Kelly , but North Korea now claims that it has only admitted to having a ` ` plan to produce nuclear weapons , ' ' which Pyongyang claims is part of its right to self - defense .	20	Communication
The US State Department claims that North Korean officials admitted to having such a program during a second day of meetings with Kelly , but North Korea now claims that it has only admitted to having a ` ` plan to produce nuclear weapons , ' ' which Pyongyang claims is part of its right to self - defense .	41	Manufacturing
The US State Department claims that North Korean officials admitted to having such a program during a second day of meetings with Kelly , but North Korea now claims that it has only admitted to having a ` ` plan to produce nuclear weapons , ' ' which Pyongyang claims is part of its right to self - defense .	58	Defending
On 10 February 2005 , the Foreign Ministry announced that North Korea had manufactured nuclear weapons , and in early April 2005 Pyongyang shut down its 5MW ( e ) nuclear reactor .	8	Statement
On 10 February 2005 , the Foreign Ministry announced that North Korea had manufactured nuclear weapons , and in early April 2005 Pyongyang shut down its 5MW ( e ) nuclear reactor .	13	Manufacturing
If the spent fuel in the reactor core is reprocessed , North Korea will be able to obtain enough weapons - grade plutonium for 1 - 3 nuclear bombs .	17	Getting
Iran is often accused in Western circles of secretly developing an offensive biological warfare ( BW ) program .	3	Judgment_communication
Iran is often accused in Western circles of secretly developing an offensive biological warfare ( BW ) program .	9	Cause_to_make_progress
Iran is often accused in Western circles of secretly developing an offensive biological warfare ( BW ) program .	11	Attack
Iran is often accused in Western circles of secretly developing an offensive biological warfare ( BW ) program .	13	Hostile_encounter
Iran is often accused in Western circles of secretly developing an offensive biological warfare ( BW ) program .	15	Hostile_encounter
In a 1996 report to the US Senate , the Central Intelligence Agency claimed that ` ` Iran has had a biological warfare program since the early 1980s .	3	Statement
In a 1996 report to the US Senate , the Central Intelligence Agency claimed that ` ` Iran has had a biological warfare program since the early 1980s .	13	Statement
In a 1996 report to the US Senate , the Central Intelligence Agency claimed that ` ` Iran has had a biological warfare program since the early 1980s .	22	Hostile_encounter
Iran has ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) and publicly decried all forms of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .	14	Judgment_communication
Iran has ratified the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) and publicly decried all forms of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .	2	Ratification
At the same time , it does have a very sophisticated biotechnology infrastructure that includes leading research facilities and trained personnel .	19	Education_teaching
At the same time , it does have a very sophisticated biotechnology infrastructure that includes leading research facilities and trained personnel .	16	Research
It has also participated in several scientific exchanges with foreign experts .	3	Participation
It has also participated in several scientific exchanges with foreign experts .	7	Communication
Iran has shown an interest in acquiring BW agents from foreign sources .	6	Getting
Canadian and Dutch scientists were approached by Iranian personnel looking to acquire mycotoxin - producing fungi ( Fusarium spp . ) in 1989 .	11	Getting
Canadian and Dutch scientists were approached by Iranian personnel looking to acquire mycotoxin - producing fungi ( Fusarium spp . ) in 1989 .	14	Creating
Sources also claim that Iran has pursued the acquisition of castor beans ( known to be used for producing the deadly toxin ricin ) and retains several cultures of the anthrax - producing bacteria Bacillus anthracis .	2	Statement
Sources also claim that Iran has pursued the acquisition of castor beans ( known to be used for producing the deadly toxin ricin ) and retains several cultures of the anthrax - producing bacteria Bacillus anthracis .	8	Getting
Sources also claim that Iran has pursued the acquisition of castor beans ( known to be used for producing the deadly toxin ricin ) and retains several cultures of the anthrax - producing bacteria Bacillus anthracis .	16	Using
Sources also claim that Iran has pursued the acquisition of castor beans ( known to be used for producing the deadly toxin ricin ) and retains several cultures of the anthrax - producing bacteria Bacillus anthracis .	18	Manufacturing
Sources also claim that Iran has pursued the acquisition of castor beans ( known to be used for producing the deadly toxin ricin ) and retains several cultures of the anthrax - producing bacteria Bacillus anthracis .	20	Killing
Sources also claim that Iran has pursued the acquisition of castor beans ( known to be used for producing the deadly toxin ricin ) and retains several cultures of the anthrax - producing bacteria Bacillus anthracis .	18	Creating
Currently , its growing biotechnology industry does have the potential to divert dual - use agents for illicit warfare purposes .	17	Legality
Currently , its growing biotechnology industry does have the potential to divert dual - use agents for illicit warfare purposes .	18	Hostile_encounter
There are several reasons why Iran would pursue a BW program , including establishing a deterrent against Iraq , establishing regional dominance , or developing an alternative to conventional weapons for asymmetric conflicts .	13	Creating
There are several reasons why Iran would pursue a BW program , including establishing a deterrent against Iraq , establishing regional dominance , or developing an alternative to conventional weapons for asymmetric conflicts .	32	Hostile_encounter
In August 1989 , Iran was accused of trying to purchase strains of Fusarium spp . from Canada and the Netherlands , which could be used to develop T - 2 mycotoxin .	6	Judgment_communication
In August 1989 , Iran was accused of trying to purchase strains of Fusarium spp . from Canada and the Netherlands , which could be used to develop T - 2 mycotoxin .	25	Using
In August 1989 , Iran was accused of trying to purchase strains of Fusarium spp . from Canada and the Netherlands , which could be used to develop T - 2 mycotoxin .	27	Cause_to_make_progress
In August 1989 , Iran was accused of trying to purchase strains of Fusarium spp . from Canada and the Netherlands , which could be used to develop T - 2 mycotoxin .	10	Commerce_buy
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .	3	Know
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .	22	Using
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .	26	Legality
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .	27	Hostile_encounter
T - 2 and other trichothecene mycotoxins are suspected components of ` ` yellow rain , ' ' which was allegedly used in battle by Communist regimes in Southeast Asia during the 1970s and early 1980s .	21	Using
T - 2 and other trichothecene mycotoxins are suspected components of ` ` yellow rain , ' ' which was allegedly used in battle by Communist regimes in Southeast Asia during the 1970s and early 1980s .	23	Hostile_encounter
In addition , it has been alleged that former Soviet bioweaponeers have been hired by Iran to specifically work on its BW arsenal .	6	Statement
In addition , it has been alleged that former Soviet bioweaponeers have been hired by Iran to specifically work on its BW arsenal .	18	Employment
These scientists are supposedly experimenting with the causative agents of such diseases as Marburg , smallpox , plague , and tularemia .	7	Causation
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .	3	Know
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .	25	Hostile_encounter
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .	9	Adducing
Some experts believe that Iran is developing the capability to deliver biological agents by Scud missiles , aircraft , or other aerosolization techniques .	10	Sending
Some experts believe that Iran is developing the capability to deliver biological agents by Scud missiles , aircraft , or other aerosolization techniques .	6	Cause_to_make_progress
According to the CIA , Iran possesses weaponized biological agents that could be dispersed by artillery and aerial bombs .	13	Dispersal
The Iranian Shahab missile is reportedly capable of carrying biological warheads .	8	Bringing
In January 1997 , Iran created an organization called the Iranian Biotechnology Society ( IBS ) , which serves as an umbrella organization to bring together various institutes and individuals focusing on biotechnology related research .	5	Creating
In January 1997 , Iran created an organization called the Iranian Biotechnology Society ( IBS ) , which serves as an umbrella organization to bring together various institutes and individuals focusing on biotechnology related research .	34	Research
In January 1997 , Iran created an organization called the Iranian Biotechnology Society ( IBS ) , which serves as an umbrella organization to bring together various institutes and individuals focusing on biotechnology related research .	24	Cause_to_amalgamate
As there is no concrete mechanism for verifying government reports or allegations from exile groups , many of the allegations regarding the Iranian BW program remain unsubstantiated .	9	Statement
As there is no concrete mechanism for verifying government reports or allegations from exile groups , many of the allegations regarding the Iranian BW program remain unsubstantiated .	11	Statement
As there is no concrete mechanism for verifying government reports or allegations from exile groups , many of the allegations regarding the Iranian BW program remain unsubstantiated .	7	Check
Most of the literature and accusations come from CIA reports , uncited writings of experts , and claims made by Iranian dissidents .	5	Judgment_communication
Most of the literature and accusations come from CIA reports , uncited writings of experts , and claims made by Iranian dissidents .	17	Statement
While this could be true , it should be noted that the utility of these fungal species is not limited to BW applications .	9	Know
For instance , the Iranian Research Organization for Science and Technology claims it researches Fusarium spp . to fight agricultural ailments in sunflower , tomato , and tobacco fields .	11	Statement
For instance , the Iranian Research Organization for Science and Technology claims it researches Fusarium spp . to fight agricultural ailments in sunflower , tomato , and tobacco fields .	13	Research
Also , Iran offered one of its premier facilities , the Razi Institute for Serums and Vaccines , to host mock inspections for the BWC .	21	Scrutiny
The sophisticated research facilities in Iran could easily serve as a front for illicit BW - related activities and offer a legitimate excuse to import dual - use material .	13	Legality
The sophisticated research facilities in Iran could easily serve as a front for illicit BW - related activities and offer a legitimate excuse to import dual - use material .	17	Action
The sophisticated research facilities in Iran could easily serve as a front for illicit BW - related activities and offer a legitimate excuse to import dual - use material .	2	Research
Before the 1990 Gulf War , Iraq had used its single cell protein research program at al - Hakam to camouflage its development of biological agents , including B . anthracis .	8	Using
Before the 1990 Gulf War , Iraq had used its single cell protein research program at al - Hakam to camouflage its development of biological agents , including B . anthracis .	13	Research
Similar , presumably legitimate advanced research is being carried out at the National Research Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology near Tehran .	5	Research
Similar , presumably legitimate advanced research is being carried out at the National Research Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology near Tehran .	3	Legality
Similar , presumably legitimate advanced research is being carried out at the National Research Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology near Tehran .	8	Action
Given its current state of technology and the problems associated with delivering a sophisticated BW agent , it is unlikely that Iran currently has the means to carry out a significant biological attack .	11	Sending
Given its current state of technology and the problems associated with delivering a sophisticated BW agent , it is unlikely that Iran currently has the means to carry out a significant biological attack .	27	Action
Given its current state of technology and the problems associated with delivering a sophisticated BW agent , it is unlikely that Iran currently has the means to carry out a significant biological attack .	32	Attack
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	14	Creating
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	60	Creating
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	66	Creating
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	11	Creating
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	27	Creating
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	79	Manufacturing
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	40	Research
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	7	Research
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	58	Preventing_or_letting
In this field , Iran ' s research is concentrated in creating genes that produce toxins against insect pests ; improving the biological resistance of plants ; formulating new pesticides ; improving techniques of spraying or otherwise disseminating pesticides ; investigating the effects on native plant species after they have been introduced to various pests and diseases ; preventing the production of mycotoxins in crops ; producing plant viruses and their corresponding antiserums for an antiserum bank ; and manufacturing pheromones and hormones to combat arthropods that harm Iran ' s agricultural industry .	37	Dispersal
All of these research areas have legitimate and important uses for improving crop yields and reducing the threat to Iran ' s agricultural industry posed by pests and disease .	3	Research
All of these research areas have legitimate and important uses for improving crop yields and reducing the threat to Iran ' s agricultural industry posed by pests and disease .	15	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
All of these research areas have legitimate and important uses for improving crop yields and reducing the threat to Iran ' s agricultural industry posed by pests and disease .	6	Legality
Iran maintains three important facilities for research on combating the spread of disease .	6	Research
For instance , the NRCGEB ' s research in recombinant DNA technologies , genetic engineering , and DNA vaccine production could conceivably be utilized to increase the virulence or resistance of select pathogens .	7	Research
For instance , the NRCGEB ' s research in recombinant DNA technologies , genetic engineering , and DNA vaccine production could conceivably be utilized to increase the virulence or resistance of select pathogens .	19	Creating
For instance , the NRCGEB ' s research in recombinant DNA technologies , genetic engineering , and DNA vaccine production could conceivably be utilized to increase the virulence or resistance of select pathogens .	25	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
For instance , the NRCGEB ' s research in recombinant DNA technologies , genetic engineering , and DNA vaccine production could conceivably be utilized to increase the virulence or resistance of select pathogens .	23	Using
Like many facilities throughout the United States and Western Europe that have similar or even more advanced capabilities , these facilities are open to public scrutiny .	25	Scrutiny
At present , Amir Kabir University ( AKU ) has 7000 students in undergraduate and post - graduate programs .	11	Education_teaching
It has 14 engineering departments , five research centers , and an associate university complex located at the town of Tafresh near Tehran .	7	Research
It has 14 engineering departments , five research centers , and an associate university complex located at the town of Tafresh near Tehran .	15	Placing
It has 14 engineering departments , five research centers , and an associate university complex located at the town of Tafresh near Tehran .	12	Collaboration
AKU employs 480 full - time teachers and 550 administrative employees .	6	Education_teaching
Founded in 1958 , AKU underwent a series of reforms after the revolution to align its teachings with Islamic principles .	12	Change_of_leadership
Founded in 1958 , AKU underwent a series of reforms after the revolution to align its teachings with Islamic principles .	0	Creating
The first independent biomedical engineering department in Iran was established at AKU in October 1993 .	9	Creating
AKU ' s Biomedical Engineering Department offers graduate programs in three major specialties - - Bioelectrics , Biomaterials , and Biomechanics - - which incorporate traditional engineering programs to address problems associated with human physiology , treatment , and rehabilitation .	36	Cure
AKU ' s Biomedical Engineering Department offers graduate programs in three major specialties - - Bioelectrics , Biomaterials , and Biomechanics - - which incorporate traditional engineering programs to address problems associated with human physiology , treatment , and rehabilitation .	39	Cure
AKU ' s Biomaterials Laboratory is the largest university laboratory fostering research in the area of synthesis , processing , and modification of materials for use in biological environments .	11	Research
AKU ' s Biomaterials Laboratory is the largest university laboratory fostering research in the area of synthesis , processing , and modification of materials for use in biological environments .	21	Change
AKU ' s Biomaterials Laboratory is the largest university laboratory fostering research in the area of synthesis , processing , and modification of materials for use in biological environments .	25	Using
AKU ' s Biomaterials Laboratory is the largest university laboratory fostering research in the area of synthesis , processing , and modification of materials for use in biological environments .	16	Creating
This laboratory is especially active in the area of polymeric materials with the objective of modifying the physical , chemical , biological , and mechanical properties of polymeric materials to render them biocompatible .	15	Change
This laboratory is especially active in the area of polymeric materials with the objective of modifying the physical , chemical , biological , and mechanical properties of polymeric materials to render them biocompatible .	30	Causation
The laboratory ' s specific research areas include the design and processing of systems for controlled and targeted delivery of bioactive agents .	18	Sending
The laboratory ' s specific research areas include the design and processing of systems for controlled and targeted delivery of bioactive agents .	5	Research
The laboratory ' s specific research areas include the design and processing of systems for controlled and targeted delivery of bioactive agents .	9	Creating
According to the National Council of Resistance of Iran , Iran has purchased dual - use equipment using the science and technology center at Amir Kabir University as a cover .	12	Commerce_buy
According to the National Council of Resistance of Iran , Iran has purchased dual - use equipment using the science and technology center at Amir Kabir University as a cover .	17	Using
Middle East Defense News reports that AKU has been used as a front company to purchase the following equipment from the United States : computers , Unix software , and training from NCR , Apple Computer , and Sun Microsystems , and neutron - shielding from Reactor Experiments , Inc . None of these technologies appears to be directly related to biological weapons .	4	Statement
Middle East Defense News reports that AKU has been used as a front company to purchase the following equipment from the United States : computers , Unix software , and training from NCR , Apple Computer , and Sun Microsystems , and neutron - shielding from Reactor Experiments , Inc . None of these technologies appears to be directly related to biological weapons .	9	Using
Middle East Defense News reports that AKU has been used as a front company to purchase the following equipment from the United States : computers , Unix software , and training from NCR , Apple Computer , and Sun Microsystems , and neutron - shielding from Reactor Experiments , Inc . None of these technologies appears to be directly related to biological weapons .	15	Commerce_buy
Middle East Defense News reports that AKU has been used as a front company to purchase the following equipment from the United States : computers , Unix software , and training from NCR , Apple Computer , and Sun Microsystems , and neutron - shielding from Reactor Experiments , Inc . None of these technologies appears to be directly related to biological weapons .	30	Education_teaching
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	7	Sign_agreement
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	11	Collaboration
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	14	Request
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	22	Research
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	29	Exchange
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	53	Scrutiny
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	46	Creating
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	33	Education_teaching
In 2002 , AKU and Damascus University signed a mutual scientific cooperation agreement that called for broadened scientific , educational , and research cooperation between the universities , the exchange of professors and students , the organization of scientific seminars and educational courses , and the formation of a joint working committee to probe into the inauguration of a branch of Amir Kabir University in Syria .	31	Education_teaching
In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job , Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes .	6	Assistance
In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job , Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes .	10	Employment
In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job , Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes .	14	Education_teaching
With the help of friends like you , Goodwill has continued to adapt our services to meet the human needs of our changing society .	2	Assistance
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .	1	Giving
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .	5	Request
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .	11	Using
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .	17	Assistance
The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .	25	Employment
In their December , 1995 review of the nation ' s best charities , U . S . News and World Report called Goodwill one of the five ` ` Standout Good Guys . ' '	22	Labeling
While I appreciate U . S . News and World Report ' s endorsement , the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us .	20	Supporting
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : The business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased purchasing power .	3	Assistance
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : The business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased purchasing power .	5	Know
Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : The business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased purchasing power .	10	Employment
You and I know that solutions to difficult problems do n ' t just happen .	7	Confronting_problem
A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing training program .	1	Participation
A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing training program .	6	Self_motion
A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing training program .	15	Causation
A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing training program .	10	Employment
Once his tears have subsided , he confirms what his classmates have already figured out : he just received a job offer - - his first in five years .	7	Statement
Once his tears have subsided , he confirms what his classmates have already figured out : he just received a job offer - - his first in five years .	14	Coming_to_believe
Once his tears have subsided , he confirms what his classmates have already figured out : he just received a job offer - - his first in five years .	18	Receiving
Once his tears have subsided , he confirms what his classmates have already figured out : he just received a job offer - - his first in five years .	20	Employment
At the next corner he tells five more .	5	Telling
It takes a long time for him to gain the self - confidence to work elsewhere in the community .	8	Getting
It takes a long time for him to gain the self - confidence to work elsewhere in the community .	14	Employment
Eventually , he turns your support into a payoff for all of us .	3	Change
Eventually , he turns your support into a payoff for all of us .	5	Supporting
Just like the respect we ' ve earned from U . S . News and World Report .	7	Earnings_and_losses
A real difference in people ' s lives - - in all of our lives .	1	Presence
Neither do the rest of us who feel the positive results of their success .	10	Causation
Your support helps provide real solutions .	1	Supporting
Your support helps provide real solutions .	2	Assistance
Your support helps provide real solutions .	3	Supply
Your support helps provide real solutions .	4	Presence
Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously to Goodwill today .	1	Using
Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously to Goodwill today .	3	Placing
Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously to Goodwill today .	4	Communication
Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously to Goodwill today .	9	Giving
Young adults , like Mary T . , a jobless mother of three , trying desperately to keep her kids out of trouble in a crime - ridden neighborhood .	9	Employment
Young adults , like Mary T . , a jobless mother of three , trying desperately to keep her kids out of trouble in a crime - ridden neighborhood .	25	Committing_crime
Families are being torn apart , and too often , children are the victims .	13	Catastrophe
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .	9	Causation
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .	23	Sending
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .	29	Getting
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .	30	Assistance
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .	34	Action
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .	56	Collaboration
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .	6	Change
Pleasant Run Children ' s Homes began serving children nearly 130 years ago .	6	Process_start
Pleasant Run Children ' s Homes began serving children nearly 130 years ago .	7	Assistance
Some come from families where , through therapy , there is hope for reunification .	1	Arriving
Some come from families where , through therapy , there is hope for reunification .	7	Cure
Some come from families where , through therapy , there is hope for reunification .	10	Presence
In 1995 we will serve over 850 children and 340 families .	4	Assistance
Often it is a long , hard struggle , but the results are well worth it .	6	Confronting_problem
Often it is a long , hard struggle , but the results are well worth it .	7	Hostile_encounter
Often it is a long , hard struggle , but the results are well worth it .	11	Causation
For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families , we need your support .	6	Assistance
For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families , we need your support .	18	Supporting
Please ` ` help good kids get better ' ' by sending us a contribution today .	3	Assistance
Please ` ` help good kids get better ' ' by sending us a contribution today .	11	Sending
Please ` ` help good kids get better ' ' by sending us a contribution today .	14	Giving
Your gift will give children and families hope for improved tomorrows .	1	Giving
Your gift will give children and families hope for improved tomorrows .	3	Giving
Your gift will give children and families hope for improved tomorrows .	9	Cause_to_make_progress
You ' ll find Hong Kong easy to get around , the people helpful , English spoken everywhere , and food that lives up to its reputation .	3	Know
You ' ll find Hong Kong easy to get around , the people helpful , English spoken everywhere , and food that lives up to its reputation .	6	Confronting_problem
You ' ll find Hong Kong easy to get around , the people helpful , English spoken everywhere , and food that lives up to its reputation .	13	Assistance
You ' ll find Hong Kong easy to get around , the people helpful , English spoken everywhere , and food that lives up to its reputation .	16	Writing
Today Hong Kong remains a capitalist enclave with its laws and rights intact , and China has promised that Hong Kong will continue in this fashion for at least 50 years .	17	Commitment
Around the time of the transition there was much speculation about how things would change .	7	Presence
The impression of the visitor today will be that very little has changed .	4	Traveling
Establishments are no longer called ` ` Royal , ' ' Queen Elizabeth has vanished from the coinage , and the Union Jack has been replaced by the flag of China and the new Hong Kong flag with its bauhinia flower .	14	Departing
The majority are Cantonese , born in Hong Kong , or from South China , but there are immigrants from all over China .	2	Presence
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .	5	Building
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .	15	Scrutiny
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .	28	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Sightseeing in Hong Kong starts at sea level with the enthralling water traffic ?  ? a mix of freighters , ferries , tugs , junks , and yachts .	4	Process_start
Hong Kong ' s other , less developed islands , Lantau , Lamma , and Cheung Chau , provide getaways .	18	Supply
Hong Kong ' s other , less developed islands , Lantau , Lamma , and Cheung Chau , provide getaways .	19	Traveling
The Soviet nuclear weapon program began during World War II and culminated in a successful atomic bomb test in 1949 .	5	Process_start
The Soviet nuclear weapon program began during World War II and culminated in a successful atomic bomb test in 1949 .	17	Testing
Russia is estimated to now have around 20 , 000 nuclear weapons , although total stockpile size is uncertain because there is no accurate count of tactical nuclear weapons .	1	Presence
Under the START I Treaty , the Russian nuclear arsenal has been reduced to approximately 7 , 000 strategic warheads .	12	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
The Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty ( Treaty of Moscow ) requires Russia to reduce the number of deployed strategic warheads to between 1 , 700 and 2 , 200 by the end of 2012 .	13	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
The Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty ( Treaty of Moscow ) requires Russia to reduce the number of deployed strategic warheads to between 1 , 700 and 2 , 200 by the end of 2012 .	17	Arranging
The Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty ( Treaty of Moscow ) requires Russia to reduce the number of deployed strategic warheads to between 1 , 700 and 2 , 200 by the end of 2012 .	31	Process_end
In wartime , formulated agents would have been loaded into a variety of delivery systems , including aerial bombs and ballistic missile warheads .	8	Placing
In wartime , formulated agents would have been loaded into a variety of delivery systems , including aerial bombs and ballistic missile warheads .	3	Creating
Soviet BW scientists also researched , developed , and produced anti - crop and anti - livestock agents .	4	Research
Soviet BW scientists also researched , developed , and produced anti - crop and anti - livestock agents .	6	Cause_to_make_progress
Soviet BW scientists also researched , developed , and produced anti - crop and anti - livestock agents .	9	Manufacturing
The Soviet Union also established a so - called anti - plague system , whose primary objective was to control endemic diseases and prevent the importation of exotic pathogens that could threaten crops , animals , and humans .	4	Creating
The Soviet Union also established a so - called anti - plague system , whose primary objective was to control endemic diseases and prevent the importation of exotic pathogens that could threaten crops , animals , and humans .	23	Preventing_or_letting
During the Cold War , and afterwards , the Soviet Union had the world ' s largest arsenal of chemical weapons , including artillery shells , bombs , and missiles that contained choking agents ( phosgene ) , nerve agents ( sarin , soman , and VX ) , and blister agents ( mustard , lewisite , and mustard - lewisite mixture ) .	31	Containing
Russia inherited most of the Soviet missile complex , although significant portions are located in Ukraine .	13	Placing
Although the possibility of deploying a MIRVed variant of the SS - 27 has also been discussed in the past , no steps in that direction appear to have been taken yet .	4	Arranging
Although the possibility of deploying a MIRVed variant of the SS - 27 has also been discussed in the past , no steps in that direction appear to have been taken yet .	16	Communication
Although the possibility of deploying a MIRVed variant of the SS - 27 has also been discussed in the past , no steps in that direction appear to have been taken yet .	22	Action
It is planned that in the future a modification of Bulava will also be deployed in silos as a MIRVed ICBM .	8	Change
It is planned that in the future a modification of Bulava will also be deployed in silos as a MIRVed ICBM .	14	Arranging
There are also plans to start production of an upgraded SS - N - 23 variant , designated Sineva , and the Air Force reportedly began to receive a new type of strategic cruise missile .	5	Process_start
There are also plans to start production of an upgraded SS - N - 23 variant , designated Sineva , and the Air Force reportedly began to receive a new type of strategic cruise missile .	25	Process_start
There are also plans to start production of an upgraded SS - N - 23 variant , designated Sineva , and the Air Force reportedly began to receive a new type of strategic cruise missile .	6	Manufacturing
There are also plans to start production of an upgraded SS - N - 23 variant , designated Sineva , and the Air Force reportedly began to receive a new type of strategic cruise missile .	27	Receiving
Reports of exports and leakage of Russian missile technology to countries such as Iran , India , China , Libya , and North Korea have led to concerns that Russia is contravening its obligations as a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) .	0	Statement
Reports of exports and leakage of Russian missile technology to countries such as Iran , India , China , Libya , and North Korea have led to concerns that Russia is contravening its obligations as a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) .	25	Causation
There ' s no question that , if they ' re true , they . . . could lead to impeachment proceedings . ' '	18	Causation
There ' s no question that , if they ' re true , they . . . could lead to impeachment proceedings . ' '	1	Presence
By lending credence to the Lewinsky charges , and treating Clinton ' s familiar defenses as the lies and half - lies they seem to be , Stephanopoulos shows he ' s not a fool .	6	Judgment_communication
By lending credence to the Lewinsky charges , and treating Clinton ' s familiar defenses as the lies and half - lies they seem to be , Stephanopoulos shows he ' s not a fool .	14	Defending
Early in the film , with the Flowers crisis in full bloom , Sam Donaldson interviews Stephanopoulos , who blames it all on the ` ` Republican attack machine . ' '	8	Catastrophe
Early in the film , with the Flowers crisis in full bloom , Sam Donaldson interviews Stephanopoulos , who blames it all on the ` ` Republican attack machine . ' '	19	Judgment_communication
Donaldson suggests that on 60 Minutes Clinton had admitted to infidelity .	1	Statement
Donaldson suggests that on 60 Minutes Clinton had admitted to infidelity .	8	Reveal_secret
( Today , of course , the president ' s defenders claim that Clinton admitted infidelity on 60 Minutes and that the fully informed voters simply did n ' t care . )	11	Statement
( Today , of course , the president ' s defenders claim that Clinton admitted infidelity on 60 Minutes and that the fully informed voters simply did n ' t care . )	14	Reveal_secret
` ` You would be laughed at . . . ' ' he tells the caller .	13	Telling
` ` I guarantee you that if you do this you ' ll never work in Democratic politics again .	14	Employment
` ` I guarantee you that if you do this you ' ll never work in Democratic politics again .	8	Action
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander - protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .	2	Statement
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander - protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .	5	Assistance
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander - protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .	16	Change
You might say that Stephanopoulos helped invent the philander - protection techniques that seem to have made Clinton so overconfident of his ability to not get caught .	6	Creating
When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton , they do n ' t need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos , Carville ( and a cooperative campaign press corps ) helped to put over in 1992 .	40	Assistance
When Democrats wonder why there is so much resentment of Clinton , they do n ' t need to look much further than the Big Lie about philandering that Stephanopoulos , Carville ( and a cooperative campaign press corps ) helped to put over in 1992 .	5	Presence
If Clinton , as is now increasingly clear , was a time bomb waiting to explode , then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking .	19	Assistance
The Intifada , the spontaneous 1987 Palestinian uprising against the Israeli occupation , heralded the rise of the Muslim fundamentalism .	7	Change_of_leadership
In English it means zeal , its aim - - the destruction of Israel .	11	Destroying
But Hamas had already become an important part of Palestinian society through its charity work and its influence increased over time by providing community services when the Palestinian authority did not .	4	Becoming
But Hamas had already become an important part of Palestinian society through its charity work and its influence increased over time by providing community services when the Palestinian authority did not .	22	Supply
Reporter : Settlers call the just concluded Israeli - American - Palestinian summit a surrender , and were not impressed .	3	Labeling
Reporter : Settlers call the just concluded Israeli - American - Palestinian summit a surrender , and were not impressed .	6	Process_end
Translator : Hamas will not drop our weapons , even if all leaders are assassinated .	14	Killing
Reporter : Since the second Intifada began in 2000 , over 700 Israelis have been killed , during the same time there have been more than 2 , 000 Palestinian deaths according to the Red Crescent , including Hamas leaders targeted for assassination .	6	Process_start
Reporter : Since the second Intifada began in 2000 , over 700 Israelis have been killed , during the same time there have been more than 2 , 000 Palestinian deaths according to the Red Crescent , including Hamas leaders targeted for assassination .	15	Killing
Reporter : Since the second Intifada began in 2000 , over 700 Israelis have been killed , during the same time there have been more than 2 , 000 Palestinian deaths according to the Red Crescent , including Hamas leaders targeted for assassination .	42	Killing
Reporter : Since the second Intifada began in 2000 , over 700 Israelis have been killed , during the same time there have been more than 2 , 000 Palestinian deaths according to the Red Crescent , including Hamas leaders targeted for assassination .	14	Presence
Reporter : Since the second Intifada began in 2000 , over 700 Israelis have been killed , during the same time there have been more than 2 , 000 Palestinian deaths according to the Red Crescent , including Hamas leaders targeted for assassination .	30	Death
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that ' s what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .	5	GetReady
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that ' s what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .	25	Hostile_encounter
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that ' s what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .	39	Action
So this is the reality we ' re living in al - Anbar in general , and Ramadi in particular , that is the head Sheiks of some tribes , and symbols of the Islamic Party , sat with the Americans in Jordan , and other places , to fight terrorism and its people .	37	Placing
So this is the reality we ' re living in al - Anbar in general , and Ramadi in particular , that is the head Sheiks of some tribes , and symbols of the Islamic Party , sat with the Americans in Jordan , and other places , to fight terrorism and its people .	50	Terrorism
So this is the reality we ' re living in al - Anbar in general , and Ramadi in particular , that is the head Sheiks of some tribes , and symbols of the Islamic Party , sat with the Americans in Jordan , and other places , to fight terrorism and its people .	49	Hostile_encounter
The Sheiks started teaching people about these ideas .	2	Process_start
The Sheiks started teaching people about these ideas .	3	Education_teaching
This conspiracy is led by two sides .	1	Collaboration
It increased during the elections for the new constitution .	4	Change_of_leadership
Their danger was so great , that hundreds of people volunteered in the police and the army , and thousands of people participated in the elections , renouncing their religion , and listenning to the erratics .	10	Commitment
Their danger was so great , that hundreds of people volunteered in the police and the army , and thousands of people participated in the elections , renouncing their religion , and listenning to the erratics .	22	Participation
Their danger was so great , that hundreds of people volunteered in the police and the army , and thousands of people participated in the elections , renouncing their religion , and listenning to the erratics .	25	Change_of_leadership
First : If there were people who are raping thousands of Muslim women taking their honor , and stealing muslim money and land , and other people who do n ' t rape or steal , but they take the religion away from thousands of Muslims , what ' s more important , religion , or honor and land ?	4	Presence
First : If there were people who are raping thousands of Muslim women taking their honor , and stealing muslim money and land , and other people who do n ' t rape or steal , but they take the religion away from thousands of Muslims , what ' s more important , religion , or honor and land ?	18	Theft
First : If there were people who are raping thousands of Muslim women taking their honor , and stealing muslim money and land , and other people who do n ' t rape or steal , but they take the religion away from thousands of Muslims , what ' s more important , religion , or honor and land ?	34	Theft
What we learned from Muslim scholars is that robbing the religion from Muslims , is greater than robbing their honor and land .	2	Education_teaching
God said ` ` turmoil is greater than murder ' ' , and for those devils , their danger is greater than who rapes , or rob and steal money or land .	1	Statement
God said ` ` turmoil is greater than murder ' ' , and for those devils , their danger is greater than who rapes , or rob and steal money or land .	8	Killing
God said ` ` turmoil is greater than murder ' ' , and for those devils , their danger is greater than who rapes , or rob and steal money or land .	28	Theft
You Sheik announced war on those , with the opposings of many sectors and scholars of decision making .	2	Statement
You Sheik announced war on those , with the opposings of many sectors and scholars of decision making .	3	Hostile_encounter
You Sheik announced war on those , with the opposings of many sectors and scholars of decision making .	16	Deciding
You Sheik announced war on those , with the opposings of many sectors and scholars of decision making .	17	Creating
So the brothers raided his house in the middle of the night wearing the national guards uniform and driving similar cars .	3	Attack
So the brothers raided his house in the middle of the night wearing the national guards uniform and driving similar cars .	12	Wearing
So the brothers raided his house in the middle of the night wearing the national guards uniform and driving similar cars .	16	Wearing
They took him and killed him .	4	Killing
Thank God .	0	Judgment_communication
1 - Sheik of al - Bubali tribe in al - Jazira , Sheik Sarhan , who ' s one of the traitors , and every time one of their traitors gets killed , he shows outrage and packs his tribe with their guns against the brothers .	32	Killing
1 - Sheik of al - Bubali tribe in al - Jazira , Sheik Sarhan , who ' s one of the traitors , and every time one of their traitors gets killed , he shows outrage and packs his tribe with their guns against the brothers .	38	Filling
1 - Sheik of al - Bubali tribe in al - Jazira , Sheik Sarhan , who ' s one of the traitors , and every time one of their traitors gets killed , he shows outrage and packs his tribe with their guns against the brothers .	44	Connect
2 - Sheik of Albu ' Ubaid ( Salah al - Dhari ) , who slaughtered thirty sheeps in one dinner party , where he invited heads and Sheiks of tribes in Ramadi , to encourage their youth to join the police and the national guard , and that ' s two days before the murder of Sheik Nasr al - Fahdawi .	15	Killing
2 - Sheik of Albu ' Ubaid ( Salah al - Dhari ) , who slaughtered thirty sheeps in one dinner party , where he invited heads and Sheiks of tribes in Ramadi , to encourage their youth to join the police and the national guard , and that ' s two days before the murder of Sheik Nasr al - Fahdawi .	55	Killing
2 - Sheik of Albu ' Ubaid ( Salah al - Dhari ) , who slaughtered thirty sheeps in one dinner party , where he invited heads and Sheiks of tribes in Ramadi , to encourage their youth to join the police and the national guard , and that ' s two days before the murder of Sheik Nasr al - Fahdawi .	21	Social_event
2 - Sheik of Albu ' Ubaid ( Salah al - Dhari ) , who slaughtered thirty sheeps in one dinner party , where he invited heads and Sheiks of tribes in Ramadi , to encourage their youth to join the police and the national guard , and that ' s two days before the murder of Sheik Nasr al - Fahdawi .	25	Request
2 - Sheik of Albu ' Ubaid ( Salah al - Dhari ) , who slaughtered thirty sheeps in one dinner party , where he invited heads and Sheiks of tribes in Ramadi , to encourage their youth to join the police and the national guard , and that ' s two days before the murder of Sheik Nasr al - Fahdawi .	35	Influence
2 - Sheik of Albu ' Ubaid ( Salah al - Dhari ) , who slaughtered thirty sheeps in one dinner party , where he invited heads and Sheiks of tribes in Ramadi , to encourage their youth to join the police and the national guard , and that ' s two days before the murder of Sheik Nasr al - Fahdawi .	39	Becoming_a_member
After that he announced his repentance at the mosque twice in front of Albu ' Ubaid tribe , denouncing who joins the police and army , and sorry for all he ' s done , without any pressure or threats from the brothers .	3	Statement
After that he announced his repentance at the mosque twice in front of Albu ' Ubaid tribe , denouncing who joins the police and army , and sorry for all he ' s done , without any pressure or threats from the brothers .	18	Judgment_communication
After that he announced his repentance at the mosque twice in front of Albu ' Ubaid tribe , denouncing who joins the police and army , and sorry for all he ' s done , without any pressure or threats from the brothers .	20	Becoming_a_member
After that he announced his repentance at the mosque twice in front of Albu ' Ubaid tribe , denouncing who joins the police and army , and sorry for all he ' s done , without any pressure or threats from the brothers .	33	Action
After that he announced his repentance at the mosque twice in front of Albu ' Ubaid tribe , denouncing who joins the police and army , and sorry for all he ' s done , without any pressure or threats from the brothers .	37	Convincing
After that he announced his repentance at the mosque twice in front of Albu ' Ubaid tribe , denouncing who joins the police and army , and sorry for all he ' s done , without any pressure or threats from the brothers .	39	Commitment
When Mazhar al - ` Alawani a candidate for the elections was murdered , his pictures were all over Ramadi , where the entire Albu ' Alwan tribe was supporting him , proud of him .	10	Change_of_leadership
When Mazhar al - ` Alawani a candidate for the elections was murdered , his pictures were all over Ramadi , where the entire Albu ' Alwan tribe was supporting him , proud of him .	12	Killing
One day before the elections , the brothers killed him while he was visiting Ramadi .	4	Change_of_leadership
One day before the elections , the brothers killed him while he was visiting Ramadi .	8	Killing
One day before the elections , the brothers killed him while he was visiting Ramadi .	13	Traveling
8 - Zahir Muhammad ` Awwad al - ` Ubaydi , manager of Sunni endowment , for attending the last meeting with al - Ja ' fari , also for attending a conference in Jordan , that was presesnted to you .	20	Communication
8 - Zahir Muhammad ` Awwad al - ` Ubaydi , manager of Sunni endowment , for attending the last meeting with al - Ja ' fari , also for attending a conference in Jordan , that was presesnted to you .	32	Communication
1 - There must be time priorities .	4	Presence
Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who have become dependent on it .	4	Judgment_communication
Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who have become dependent on it .	14	Becoming
Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry - level jobs do n ' t include .	6	Employment
Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry - level jobs do n ' t include .	16	Employment
Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry - level jobs do n ' t include .	7	Causation
Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry - level jobs do n ' t include .	9	Supply
Their complaint : the system discourages working because unemployment provides benefits that many entry - level jobs do n ' t include .	5	Influence
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare .	1	Assistance
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare .	3	Education_teaching
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare .	7	Employment
We help people train for and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare .	9	Change
Last year , Goodwill placed 511 people in jobs , more than double the number we placed in 1993 .	8	Employment
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .	1	Giving
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .	4	Giving
Police have arrested twenty - four people on suspicion of starting the fires .	2	Arrest
' ' Those arrested are people who knew exactly what they were doing , knew they were committing crimes and went up into the hills to start fires , sometimes more than one , ' ' said the president of Galicia ' s regional government , Emilio Perez Tourino .	20	Motion
' ' Those arrested are people who knew exactly what they were doing , knew they were committing crimes and went up into the hills to start fires , sometimes more than one , ' ' said the president of Galicia ' s regional government , Emilio Perez Tourino .	36	Statement
' ' Those arrested are people who knew exactly what they were doing , knew they were committing crimes and went up into the hills to start fires , sometimes more than one , ' ' said the president of Galicia ' s regional government , Emilio Perez Tourino .	12	Action
Spain ' s President of Government , Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , said earlier this week that an additional 1 , 200 army personnel would be sent to the area to assist the fire service .	12	Statement
Spain ' s President of Government , Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , said earlier this week that an additional 1 , 200 army personnel would be sent to the area to assist the fire service .	31	Assistance
A large fire has started at the Barangaroo construction site overlooking Sydney Harbour , New South Wales , Australia .	8	Building
The construction company said fire broke out at about 2 : 10pm local time ( 0310 UTC ) and appeared to have been caused by a welding accident in the basement of a building .	1	Building
The construction company said fire broke out at about 2 : 10pm local time ( 0310 UTC ) and appeared to have been caused by a welding accident in the basement of a building .	3	Statement
The construction company said fire broke out at about 2 : 10pm local time ( 0310 UTC ) and appeared to have been caused by a welding accident in the basement of a building .	23	Causation
The construction company said fire broke out at about 2 : 10pm local time ( 0310 UTC ) and appeared to have been caused by a welding accident in the basement of a building .	27	Catastrophe
There were fears that the crane could buckle due to the heat and collapse .	9	Causation
A large forest fire that started on Monday , June 9 is still out of control in the municipality of Froland in southern Norway .	5	Process_start
A large forest fire that started on Monday , June 9 is still out of control in the municipality of Froland in southern Norway .	15	Control
Approximately 15 cabins are reported to have burned to the ground , but as of yet , no permanent dwellings or farms have been damaged .	4	Statement
Approximately 15 cabins are reported to have burned to the ground , but as of yet , no permanent dwellings or farms have been damaged .	24	Damaging
There have also been some power outages due to power lines being damaged .	0	Presence
There have also been some power outages due to power lines being damaged .	8	Causation
There have also been some power outages due to power lines being damaged .	12	Damaging
Fire - fighters first had hope of gaining control on the morning of Thursday , June 12 , but the wind changed direction during the day , causing a large extension of the fire .	7	Getting
Fire - fighters first had hope of gaining control on the morning of Thursday , June 12 , but the wind changed direction during the day , causing a large extension of the fire .	8	Control
Fire - fighters first had hope of gaining control on the morning of Thursday , June 12 , but the wind changed direction during the day , causing a large extension of the fire .	27	Causation
There is some hope that the weekend will bring some rain ; however , this will likely not be enough to stop the fire .	8	Causation
There is some hope that the weekend will bring some rain ; however , this will likely not be enough to stop the fire .	21	Preventing_or_letting
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill ' s help .	5	Receiving
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill ' s help .	10	Telling
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill ' s help .	17	Getting
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill ' s help .	18	Employment
A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill ' s help .	23	Assistance
In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state ' s Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .	6	Assistance
In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state ' s Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .	9	Employment
In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state ' s Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .	12	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
Goodwill finds jobs for people with mental and physical disabilities .	2	Employment
After Maureen ' s job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant , we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society .	4	Employment
After Maureen ' s job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant , we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society .	6	Education_teaching
After Maureen ' s job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant , we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society .	18	Assistance
` ` If I was n ' t working here . . . I would be sad . . . ' '	8	Employment
At Goodwill she gained in self - confidence , in her vision of her future and in the job skills she needed to find and keep a good job .	3	Getting
At Goodwill she gained in self - confidence , in her vision of her future and in the job skills she needed to find and keep a good job .	18	Employment
` ` Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .	2	Arriving
` ` Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .	11	Becoming
` ` Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .	8	Action
Goodwill prepares people for life - long employment .	7	Employment
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work - site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry .	5	Employment
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work - site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry .	14	Employment
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work - site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry .	23	Employment
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work - site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry .	11	Presence
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work - site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry .	18	Causation
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new - found skills in a burgeoning industry .	1	Education_teaching
He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new - found skills in a burgeoning industry .	6	Cause_to_amalgamate
` ` I ' ve got more than a job ; I ' ve got a career . ' '	9	Employment
Goodwill provides jobs at Goodwill .	1	Supply
Goodwill provides jobs at Goodwill .	2	Employment
I wanted to be there . . . I had my second chance to change my life . ' '	14	Change
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .	1	Giving
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .	5	Assistance
Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .	12	Telling
Please use the enclosed envelope to give a generous gift to Goodwill today !	1	Using
Please use the enclosed envelope to give a generous gift to Goodwill today !	3	Placing
Please use the enclosed envelope to give a generous gift to Goodwill today !	6	Giving
Please use the enclosed envelope to give a generous gift to Goodwill today !	9	Giving
P . S . Your gift is a wise investment in the community .	5	Giving
Winston Smith , his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind , slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions , though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him .	13	Preventing_or_letting
Winston Smith , his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind , slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions , though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him .	33	Preventing_or_letting
Winston Smith , his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind , slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions , though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him .	18	Self_motion
Winston Smith , his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind , slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions , though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him .	40	Arriving
On each landing , opposite the lift - shaft , the poster with the enormous face gazed from the wall .	16	Perception_active
On each landing , opposite the lift - shaft , the poster with the enormous face gazed from the wall .	0	Connect
It was one of those pictures which are so contrived that the eyes follow you about when you move .	9	Creating
" Big Brother is watching you " , the caption beneath it ran .	4	Perception_active
The voice came from an oblong metal plaque like a dulled mirror which formed part of the surface of the right - hand wall .	2	Arriving
He moved over to the window : a smallish , frail figure , the meagreness of his body merely emphasized by the blue overalls which were the uniform of the Party .	1	Motion
He moved over to the window : a smallish , frail figure , the meagreness of his body merely emphasized by the blue overalls which were the uniform of the Party .	23	Wearing
He moved over to the window : a smallish , frail figure , the meagreness of his body merely emphasized by the blue overalls which were the uniform of the Party .	27	Wearing
His hair was very fair , his face naturally sanguine , his skin roughened by coarse soap and blunt razor blades and the cold of the winter that had just ended .	30	Process_end
QN : Did any students come to school ?	5	Arriving
QN : Did any students come to school ?	5	Arriving
Jones arrived in Paris in September last year .	1	Arriving
Jones arrived in Paris in September last year .	1	Arriving
QN : Did Jones arrive in Paris in September ?	4	Arriving
Jones arrived on a Sunday in September .	1	Arriving
QN : Did Jones arrive in September ?	4	Arriving
The president left after the diplomat arrived .	2	Departing
QN : Did the diplomat arrive before the president left ?	5	Arriving
QN : Did the diplomat arrive before the president left ?	9	Departing
No students arrived at the school on Sunday .	2	Arriving
QN : Did any students arrive at the school on Sunday ?	5	Arriving
The diplomat left Baghdad last week .	2	Departing
The president knows that the diplomat left Baghdad .	6	Departing
The president has n ' t gone to Iraq since the diplomat left Baghdad .	6	Motion
The president has n ' t gone to Iraq since the diplomat left Baghdad .	12	Departing
QN : Were centrifuges sold to North Korea ?	4	Commerce_sell
The fact that Bin Laden was in Tora Bora led to the suspicion that the Afghan campaign was mismanaged .	9	Causation
Tony Hall left Amman on Sunday .	2	Departing
Khan sold 10 centrifuges to North Korea .	1	Commerce_sell
The US invasion of Afghanistan prevented Al - Qaida from attacking Ryad in 2002 .	5	Preventing_or_letting
The US invasion of Afghanistan prevented Al - Qaida from attacking Ryad in 2002 .	10	Attack
Many soldiers were killed in the ambush .	6	Attack
Many soldiers were killed in the ambush .	3	Killing
QN : Were all soldiers killed in the ambush ?	5	Killing
QN : Were all soldiers killed in the ambush ?	8	Attack
Iraq clears visit by Ohio official By Scott Montgomery	2	Traveling
The Iraqi government has agreed to let U . S . Rep . Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990 , Hall ' s office said Monday .	4	Agree_or_refuse_to_act
The Iraqi government has agreed to let U . S . Rep . Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990 , Hall ' s office said Monday .	6	Preventing_or_letting
The Iraqi government has agreed to let U . S . Rep . Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990 , Hall ' s office said Monday .	39	Statement
The Iraqi government has agreed to let U . S . Rep . Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990 , Hall ' s office said Monday .	24	Catastrophe
The Iraqi government has agreed to let U . S . Rep . Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990 , Hall ' s office said Monday .	31	Hostile_encounter
The Iraqi government has agreed to let U . S . Rep . Tony Hall visit the country next week to assess a humanitarian crisis that has festered since the Gulf War of 1990 , Hall ' s office said Monday .	15	Arriving
The Dayton Democrat , who has traveled to other crisis points including Sierra Leone and North Korea , will spend three days visiting hospitals and other facilities to seek understanding why aid has been ineffective in stemming malnourishment and other medical problems .	6	Traveling
The Dayton Democrat , who has traveled to other crisis points including Sierra Leone and North Korea , will spend three days visiting hospitals and other facilities to seek understanding why aid has been ineffective in stemming malnourishment and other medical problems .	31	Assistance
The Dayton Democrat , who has traveled to other crisis points including Sierra Leone and North Korea , will spend three days visiting hospitals and other facilities to seek understanding why aid has been ineffective in stemming malnourishment and other medical problems .	22	Arriving
The Dayton Democrat , who has traveled to other crisis points including Sierra Leone and North Korea , will spend three days visiting hospitals and other facilities to seek understanding why aid has been ineffective in stemming malnourishment and other medical problems .	9	Catastrophe
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended , which some say have thwarted the country ' s ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign .	8	Hostile_encounter
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended , which some say have thwarted the country ' s ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign .	13	Statement
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended , which some say have thwarted the country ' s ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign .	25	Destroying
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended , which some say have thwarted the country ' s ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign .	28	Attack
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended , which some say have thwarted the country ' s ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign .	5	Revenge
Iraq has been under economic sanctions since the war ended , which some say have thwarted the country ' s ability to recover from the devastation of the bombing campaign .	9	Process_end
The Persian Gulf War destroyed much of the country ' s medical infrastructure , according to a report by the World Health Organization .	3	Hostile_encounter
The Persian Gulf War destroyed much of the country ' s medical infrastructure , according to a report by the World Health Organization .	4	Destroying
In 1996 the WHO found that much of the population existed in a state of ` ` semi starvation . ' '	4	Know
In 1996 the WHO found that much of the population existed in a state of ` ` semi starvation . ' '	18	Death
In 1996 the WHO found that much of the population existed in a state of ` ` semi starvation . ' '	10	Presence
Hall will be only the second member of Congress to travel in Iraq since the war , according to Hall ' s office .	10	Traveling
Hall will be only the second member of Congress to travel in Iraq since the war , according to Hall ' s office .	15	Hostile_encounter
The last visitor was then - U . S . Rep . Bill Richardson of New Mexico , who went to help a pair of U . S . oilmen in diplomatic trouble .	2	Traveling
The last visitor was then - U . S . Rep . Bill Richardson of New Mexico , who went to help a pair of U . S . oilmen in diplomatic trouble .	19	Motion
The last visitor was then - U . S . Rep . Bill Richardson of New Mexico , who went to help a pair of U . S . oilmen in diplomatic trouble .	21	Assistance
Hall is to return to Washington on April 22 .	3	Arriving
In the 1950s , the Shah initiated Iran ' s nuclear research program and developed an ambitious plan to produce 23 , 000 MW from nuclear power by the end of the century .	11	Research
In the 1950s , the Shah initiated Iran ' s nuclear research program and developed an ambitious plan to produce 23 , 000 MW from nuclear power by the end of the century .	19	Manufacturing
In the 1950s , the Shah initiated Iran ' s nuclear research program and developed an ambitious plan to produce 23 , 000 MW from nuclear power by the end of the century .	14	Cause_to_make_progress
In the 1950s , the Shah initiated Iran ' s nuclear research program and developed an ambitious plan to produce 23 , 000 MW from nuclear power by the end of the century .	6	Process_start
The program was revived later in the decade , when strategic interests began to drive the nuclear program .	12	Process_start
Under the Khomeini regime , Iran ' s nuclear program steadily grew on all fronts and stages of the nuclear fuel cycle , with a particular emphasis on developing and strengthening indigenous capabilities .	28	Cause_to_make_progress
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	5	Reveal_secret
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	15	Reveal_secret
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	28	Manufacturing
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	33	Manufacturing
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	38	Research
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	43	Action
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	18	Building
The most alarming developments were revealed in 2002 - 03 , during which time Iran admitted to having construction plans for two enrichment facilities , a heavy water production plant , a fuel fabrication plant , and undertaken research into conversion and enrichment activities ( including centrifuges and possibly lasers ) .	40	Change
On 19 August 2003 , Iran began testing a ten - machine cascade at the Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant at Natanz with uranium hexafluoride ( UF6 ) .	6	Process_start
On 19 August 2003 , Iran began testing a ten - machine cascade at the Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant at Natanz with uranium hexafluoride ( UF6 ) .	7	Testing
The Shah set his goal high : ` ` . . . get , as soon as possible , 23 , 000 MW from nuclear power stations . ' '	12	Getting
In 1968 , Iran signed the NPT in an effort to speed up its negotiations for nuclear agreements , particularly with the United States .	4	Sign_agreement
In 1968 , Iran signed the NPT in an effort to speed up its negotiations for nuclear agreements , particularly with the United States .	14	Communication
In 1970 , the government ratified the NPT and its obligations went into force .	5	Ratification
In the five years that followed , Iran concluded several contracts for the construction of nuclear plants and the supply of nuclear fuel : with the United States in 1974 ; Germany in 1976 ; and France in 1977 .	13	Building
In the five years that followed , Iran concluded several contracts for the construction of nuclear plants and the supply of nuclear fuel : with the United States in 1974 ; Germany in 1976 ; and France in 1977 .	19	Supply
In 1976 , Iran also purchased a stake in Eurodif ' s ( the European consortium ) Tricastin uranium enrichment plant in France and purchased a stake in the RTZ uranium mine in Rossing , Namibia .	5	Commerce_buy
In addition to his grand plans for nuclear power , the Shah placed a great emphasis on establishing and developing a nuclear research program .	17	Creating
In addition to his grand plans for nuclear power , the Shah placed a great emphasis on establishing and developing a nuclear research program .	19	Cause_to_make_progress
In addition to his grand plans for nuclear power , the Shah placed a great emphasis on establishing and developing a nuclear research program .	22	Research
According to former head of AEOI , Akbar Etemad , the Shah ' s interest in nuclear technology did not involve military applications , in fact the Shah ` ` considered it absurd , under the existing circumstances , to embark on anything else but a purely civilian program . ' '	36	Presence
And , despite Akbar Etemad ' s beliefs , the Western intelligence community had long suspected that the Shah ' s nuclear scientists conducted research into military applications .	24	Research
And , despite Akbar Etemad ' s beliefs , the Western intelligence community had long suspected that the Shah ' s nuclear scientists conducted research into military applications .	23	Action
Suspected activities at the TNRC include nuclear weapons design , plutonium extraction and laser - enrichment research .	1	Action
Suspected activities at the TNRC include nuclear weapons design , plutonium extraction and laser - enrichment research .	16	Research
Suspected activities at the TNRC include nuclear weapons design , plutonium extraction and laser - enrichment research .	8	Creating
Additionally , the insufficiency of the existing electrical infrastructure and dwindling oil revenues contributed to the withdrawal of foreign suppliers from Iran and the abandonment of nuclear power agreements .	6	Presence
Additionally , the insufficiency of the existing electrical infrastructure and dwindling oil revenues contributed to the withdrawal of foreign suppliers from Iran and the abandonment of nuclear power agreements .	19	Supply
Iran ' s only nuclear power plants in 1979 were the two plants under construction at Bushehr , under contract with Germany ' s Siemens .	14	Building
The weapons research side of Iran ' s nuclear activities seemed to have continued uninterrupted by the revolution , and received a major boost when a new nuclear research center opened at Isfahan in 1984 .	2	Research
The weapons research side of Iran ' s nuclear activities seemed to have continued uninterrupted by the revolution , and received a major boost when a new nuclear research center opened at Isfahan in 1984 .	9	Action
The weapons research side of Iran ' s nuclear activities seemed to have continued uninterrupted by the revolution , and received a major boost when a new nuclear research center opened at Isfahan in 1984 .	17	Change_of_leadership
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq ' s growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran ' s nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program - - and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .	14	Attack
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq ' s growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran ' s nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program - - and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .	36	Presence
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq ' s growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran ' s nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program - - and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .	38	Research
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq ' s growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran ' s nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program - - and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .	45	Cause_to_make_progress
As the Cold War ended , the strategic environment around Iran changed .	4	Process_end
After the 1979 hostage crisis at the US embassy in Tehran , the United States withdrew its support from Iran , cut all nuclear cooperation agreements , and , in fact , supported Iraq during the war .	15	Removing
After the 1979 hostage crisis at the US embassy in Tehran , the United States withdrew its support from Iran , cut all nuclear cooperation agreements , and , in fact , supported Iraq during the war .	24	Collaboration
After the 1979 hostage crisis at the US embassy in Tehran , the United States withdrew its support from Iran , cut all nuclear cooperation agreements , and , in fact , supported Iraq during the war .	36	Hostile_encounter
China , North Korea , and , to a certain extent , Syria emerged as major suppliers of conventional arms to Iran .	13	Coming_to_be
China , North Korea , and , to a certain extent , Syria emerged as major suppliers of conventional arms to Iran .	16	Supply
Help from China and North Korea , however , was not limited to conventional weaponry .	0	Assistance
Pakistan and China signed long - term nuclear cooperation agreements with Iran in 1987 and 1990 , respectively .	3	Sign_agreement
Pakistan and China signed long - term nuclear cooperation agreements with Iran in 1987 and 1990 , respectively .	8	Collaboration
Accords with both countries involved training personnel , and in the case of China , the accord included an agreement to provide Iran with a 27 KW miniature neutron source reactor ( MNSR ) and two 300 MW Qinshan power reactors .	5	Education_teaching
Accords with both countries involved training personnel , and in the case of China , the accord included an agreement to provide Iran with a 27 KW miniature neutron source reactor ( MNSR ) and two 300 MW Qinshan power reactors .	21	Supply
The Soviet Union , traditionally an ally of Iraq , had also indicated an interest in cooperating with Iran .	16	Collaboration
Despite many technical delays ( misfit of original Siemens equipment with Russian technology ) and efforts by the United States to stall the project , frequently by lobbying the Russia government for the cancellation of the deal , most notably during the Gore - Chernomyrdin Commission meetings , the facility is nearing completion .	46	Communication
In 1995 , it became evident that Iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons through another track : by procuring dual - use items from Western firms .	18	Getting
The United States then imposed extensive sanctions on Iran and successfully pressured Russia and other potential suppliers , mostly in Europe , to halt exports of sensitive dual - use nuclear technology to Iran , such as high - voltage switches that could trigger a nuclear weapon and specialized remote manipulators designed to handle heavy volumes of radioactive material and possibly intended for a uranium or plutonium reprocessing plant .	6	Revenge
The United States then imposed extensive sanctions on Iran and successfully pressured Russia and other potential suppliers , mostly in Europe , to halt exports of sensitive dual - use nuclear technology to Iran , such as high - voltage switches that could trigger a nuclear weapon and specialized remote manipulators designed to handle heavy volumes of radioactive material and possibly intended for a uranium or plutonium reprocessing plant .	11	Convincing
The United States then imposed extensive sanctions on Iran and successfully pressured Russia and other potential suppliers , mostly in Europe , to halt exports of sensitive dual - use nuclear technology to Iran , such as high - voltage switches that could trigger a nuclear weapon and specialized remote manipulators designed to handle heavy volumes of radioactive material and possibly intended for a uranium or plutonium reprocessing plant .	23	Process_end
The United States then imposed extensive sanctions on Iran and successfully pressured Russia and other potential suppliers , mostly in Europe , to halt exports of sensitive dual - use nuclear technology to Iran , such as high - voltage switches that could trigger a nuclear weapon and specialized remote manipulators designed to handle heavy volumes of radioactive material and possibly intended for a uranium or plutonium reprocessing plant .	16	Supply
The United States then imposed extensive sanctions on Iran and successfully pressured Russia and other potential suppliers , mostly in Europe , to halt exports of sensitive dual - use nuclear technology to Iran , such as high - voltage switches that could trigger a nuclear weapon and specialized remote manipulators designed to handle heavy volumes of radioactive material and possibly intended for a uranium or plutonium reprocessing plant .	51	Creating
In mid - 2002 , a Paris - based opposition group , the National Council of Resistance of Iran ( NCRI ) , revealed the existence of two previously unknown facilities - - a uranium enrichment facility at Natanz and a heavy water production plant at Arak .	23	Reveal_secret
In mid - 2002 , a Paris - based opposition group , the National Council of Resistance of Iran ( NCRI ) , revealed the existence of two previously unknown facilities - - a uranium enrichment facility at Natanz and a heavy water production plant at Arak .	25	Presence
In mid - 2002 , a Paris - based opposition group , the National Council of Resistance of Iran ( NCRI ) , revealed the existence of two previously unknown facilities - - a uranium enrichment facility at Natanz and a heavy water production plant at Arak .	43	Manufacturing
Upon visiting suspected facilities in February 2003 , and with new declarations by Iran , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) concluded that several sensitive technology facilities are either operational , under construction , or planned .	1	Arriving
Upon visiting suspected facilities in February 2003 , and with new declarations by Iran , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) concluded that several sensitive technology facilities are either operational , under construction , or planned .	11	Statement
Upon visiting suspected facilities in February 2003 , and with new declarations by Iran , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) concluded that several sensitive technology facilities are either operational , under construction , or planned .	23	Coming_to_believe
Upon visiting suspected facilities in February 2003 , and with new declarations by Iran , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) concluded that several sensitive technology facilities are either operational , under construction , or planned .	34	Building
During the IAEA inspection in June 2003 , environmental samples that were taken from chemical traps of the Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant at Natanz revealed the presence of highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) .	3	Scrutiny
During the IAEA inspection in June 2003 , environmental samples that were taken from chemical traps of the Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant at Natanz revealed the presence of highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) .	12	Removing
In an effort to diffuse the tense relations between Iran and the IAEA and to preserve the sanctity of the nonproliferation regime , foreign ministers of Britain , France and Germany secured Iran ' s consent to cooperation with the IAEA ahead of the 31 October deadline .	31	Getting
In an effort to diffuse the tense relations between Iran and the IAEA and to preserve the sanctity of the nonproliferation regime , foreign ministers of Britain , France and Germany secured Iran ' s consent to cooperation with the IAEA ahead of the 31 October deadline .	35	Commitment
In an effort to diffuse the tense relations between Iran and the IAEA and to preserve the sanctity of the nonproliferation regime , foreign ministers of Britain , France and Germany secured Iran ' s consent to cooperation with the IAEA ahead of the 31 October deadline .	37	Collaboration
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	17	Request
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	20	Statement
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	28	Collaboration
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	36	Reveal_secret
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	38	Sign_agreement
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	54	Action
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	4	Revenge
Faced with probability of sanctions and international isolation in case of noncompliance with the IAEA ' s demands , Iran announced on 21 October 2003 that it will cooperate with the IAEA with full transparency and disclosure , sign the Additional Protocol and commence its ratification procedures , and suspend all enrichment and reprocessing activities , albeit for an ` ` interim period . ' '	45	Ratification
Ali Akbar Salehi , the outgoing Iranian representative to the IAEA , signed on behalf of Iran , and Director - General ElBaradei signed for the IAEA .	12	Sign_agreement
Iran appears to be dangerously close to developing an indigenous nuclear fuel cycle , which would in turn enable it to develop a nuclear bomb without much reliance on outside help .	21	Cause_to_make_progress
Iran appears to be dangerously close to developing an indigenous nuclear fuel cycle , which would in turn enable it to develop a nuclear bomb without much reliance on outside help .	30	Assistance
Additionally , the constant threat of Israel ' s nuclear arsenal , mostly perpetuated by Iran ' s technocrats , government officials and the pro - nuclear lobby , adds to Iran ' s perceived concerns and justifies it to the domestic audience the need to develop nuclear weapons .	46	Cause_to_make_progress
Iran ' s progress toward nuclear weapons , though irreversible , might be hampered by a combined effort on three fronts .	13	Hindering
A second front would come in the form of intense international pressure on states that are still in the position to help Iran perfect its knowledge and infrastructure - - Russia , Pakistan , China , and North Korea .	11	Convincing
A second front would come in the form of intense international pressure on states that are still in the position to help Iran perfect its knowledge and infrastructure - - Russia , Pakistan , China , and North Korea .	21	Assistance
Since Iran signed the Additional Protocol on Nuclear Safeguards on 18 December 2003 , the Protocol provided inspectors from the IAEA with greater access within Iran and the option to carry out intrusive inspections at Iran ' s nuclear facilities .	2	Sign_agreement
Since Iran signed the Additional Protocol on Nuclear Safeguards on 18 December 2003 , the Protocol provided inspectors from the IAEA with greater access within Iran and the option to carry out intrusive inspections at Iran ' s nuclear facilities .	17	Scrutiny
Since Iran signed the Additional Protocol on Nuclear Safeguards on 18 December 2003 , the Protocol provided inspectors from the IAEA with greater access within Iran and the option to carry out intrusive inspections at Iran ' s nuclear facilities .	33	Scrutiny
Since Iran signed the Additional Protocol on Nuclear Safeguards on 18 December 2003 , the Protocol provided inspectors from the IAEA with greater access within Iran and the option to carry out intrusive inspections at Iran ' s nuclear facilities .	16	Supply
Iran is generally viewed as having been forthcoming and helpful to these IAEA efforts , although this cooperation has clearly not been absolute .	9	Assistance
Iran is generally viewed as having been forthcoming and helpful to these IAEA efforts , although this cooperation has clearly not been absolute .	17	Collaboration
Specifically , Iran was rebuked for postponing IAEA visits to a number of locations related to Iran ' s P - 2 centrifuge enrichment program , which had been scheduled to take place in March 2004 .	4	Judgment_communication
Specifically , Iran was rebuked for postponing IAEA visits to a number of locations related to Iran ' s P - 2 centrifuge enrichment program , which had been scheduled to take place in March 2004 .	8	Arriving
The IAEA also criticized Iran ' s lack of forthrightness about its possession of P - 2 design drawings and other related research , and information regarding its manufacturing and mechanical testing activities , all of which was omitted from Iran ' s 21 October 2003 declaration to the agency .	3	Judgment_communication
The IAEA also criticized Iran ' s lack of forthrightness about its possession of P - 2 design drawings and other related research , and information regarding its manufacturing and mechanical testing activities , all of which was omitted from Iran ' s 21 October 2003 declaration to the agency .	22	Research
The IAEA also criticized Iran ' s lack of forthrightness about its possession of P - 2 design drawings and other related research , and information regarding its manufacturing and mechanical testing activities , all of which was omitted from Iran ' s 21 October 2003 declaration to the agency .	32	Action
The IAEA also criticized Iran ' s lack of forthrightness about its possession of P - 2 design drawings and other related research , and information regarding its manufacturing and mechanical testing activities , all of which was omitted from Iran ' s 21 October 2003 declaration to the agency .	46	Statement
The IAEA also criticized Iran ' s lack of forthrightness about its possession of P - 2 design drawings and other related research , and information regarding its manufacturing and mechanical testing activities , all of which was omitted from Iran ' s 21 October 2003 declaration to the agency .	31	Testing
The IAEA also criticized Iran ' s lack of forthrightness about its possession of P - 2 design drawings and other related research , and information regarding its manufacturing and mechanical testing activities , all of which was omitted from Iran ' s 21 October 2003 declaration to the agency .	28	Manufacturing
El - Baradei is , however , weary of pursuing such a hard line against Iran , as he fears that exerting too much pressure may cause Iran to opt out of the NPT altogether .	26	Causation
El - Baradei is , however , weary of pursuing such a hard line against Iran , as he fears that exerting too much pressure may cause Iran to opt out of the NPT altogether .	24	Convincing
Responding to the barrage of critics who insist that Iran ' s illicit intentions are obvious , El - Baradei has pointed to the continued absence of a ` ` smoking gun ' ' and the fundamental shortcomings of attempts to concretely assess Iran ' s programmatic goals without such evidence .	0	Response
Responding to the barrage of critics who insist that Iran ' s illicit intentions are obvious , El - Baradei has pointed to the continued absence of a ` ` smoking gun ' ' and the fundamental shortcomings of attempts to concretely assess Iran ' s programmatic goals without such evidence .	5	Judgment_communication
Responding to the barrage of critics who insist that Iran ' s illicit intentions are obvious , El - Baradei has pointed to the continued absence of a ` ` smoking gun ' ' and the fundamental shortcomings of attempts to concretely assess Iran ' s programmatic goals without such evidence .	7	Statement
Responding to the barrage of critics who insist that Iran ' s illicit intentions are obvious , El - Baradei has pointed to the continued absence of a ` ` smoking gun ' ' and the fundamental shortcomings of attempts to concretely assess Iran ' s programmatic goals without such evidence .	12	Legality
For its part , Iran continues to assert that it pursues a nuclear program with only peaceful applications , while El - Baradei is steadfast in his belief that the situation may be resolved diplomatically .	7	Statement
For its part , Iran continues to assert that it pursues a nuclear program with only peaceful applications , while El - Baradei is steadfast in his belief that the situation may be resolved diplomatically .	33	Resolve_problem
In addition , Russia remains unequivocally opposed to United Nations ' sanctions against Iran , especially given the absence of evidence to bolster claims about illicit activities .	23	Statement
In addition , Russia remains unequivocally opposed to United Nations ' sanctions against Iran , especially given the absence of evidence to bolster claims about illicit activities .	26	Action
In addition , Russia remains unequivocally opposed to United Nations ' sanctions against Iran , especially given the absence of evidence to bolster claims about illicit activities .	11	Revenge
In addition , Russia remains unequivocally opposed to United Nations ' sanctions against Iran , especially given the absence of evidence to bolster claims about illicit activities .	25	Legality
Russia has also supported Iran ' s disclosure efforts , despite Russian President Vladimir Putin ' s November 2003 charge that Iran acted in bad faith by failing to fully comply with IAEA inspections .	7	Reveal_secret
Russia has also supported Iran ' s disclosure efforts , despite Russian President Vladimir Putin ' s November 2003 charge that Iran acted in bad faith by failing to fully comply with IAEA inspections .	22	Action
Russia has also supported Iran ' s disclosure efforts , despite Russian President Vladimir Putin ' s November 2003 charge that Iran acted in bad faith by failing to fully comply with IAEA inspections .	33	Scrutiny
Iran is rapidly constructing nuclear facilities to achieve its goal of having an indigenous fuel cycle capability .	3	Building
Iran is rapidly constructing nuclear facilities to achieve its goal of having an indigenous fuel cycle capability .	7	Achieve
In addition to these , there have been new revelations about Iran ' s centrifuge enrichment program located in Natanz and heavy water related activity in Arak .	9	Reveal_secret
In addition to these , there have been new revelations about Iran ' s centrifuge enrichment program located in Natanz and heavy water related activity in Arak .	17	Placing
In addition to these , there have been new revelations about Iran ' s centrifuge enrichment program located in Natanz and heavy water related activity in Arak .	24	Action
Within the next 10 years , there will likely be at least one , possibly more , power reactors built in Iran .	19	Building
It is unclear how many people presently work at AEOI .	7	Employment
After the Islamic Revolution , however , many leading nuclear scientists left the country , and in the 1990 , the AEOI reportedly employed ` ` around 200 scientists and 2 , 000 personnel engaged in nuclear research . ' '	11	Departing
After the Islamic Revolution , however , many leading nuclear scientists left the country , and in the 1990 , the AEOI reportedly employed ` ` around 200 scientists and 2 , 000 personnel engaged in nuclear research . ' '	37	Research
Research and development of the nuclear fuel cycle has been highlighted as a key function of the AEOI .	0	Research
Two of these , Research and Fuel Production , are essential to develop a complete nuclear fuel cycle in Iran .	14	Process_end
Two of these , Research and Fuel Production , are essential to develop a complete nuclear fuel cycle in Iran .	12	Cause_to_make_progress
The responsibility of the Research Division is to plan and guide all nuclear - related research projects and to develop peaceful nuclear technologies in Iran .	19	Cause_to_make_progress
The ENTC is home to a miniature neutron source reactor ( MNSR ) , other research reactors , and subcritical assemblies .	15	Research
Over the years , these laboratories have conducted research into conversion ( a hexafluoride plant in Esfahan and at the Jabr Ibn Hayan Multipurpose Laboratories - JHL ) , enrichment , and reprocessing ( analysis and separation experiments using US - supplied hot cells , and radioisotope production at the TNRC ) .	8	Research
Over the years , these laboratories have conducted research into conversion ( a hexafluoride plant in Esfahan and at the Jabr Ibn Hayan Multipurpose Laboratories - JHL ) , enrichment , and reprocessing ( analysis and separation experiments using US - supplied hot cells , and radioisotope production at the TNRC ) .	34	Scrutiny
Over the years , these laboratories have conducted research into conversion ( a hexafluoride plant in Esfahan and at the Jabr Ibn Hayan Multipurpose Laboratories - JHL ) , enrichment , and reprocessing ( analysis and separation experiments using US - supplied hot cells , and radioisotope production at the TNRC ) .	38	Using
Over the years , these laboratories have conducted research into conversion ( a hexafluoride plant in Esfahan and at the Jabr Ibn Hayan Multipurpose Laboratories - JHL ) , enrichment , and reprocessing ( analysis and separation experiments using US - supplied hot cells , and radioisotope production at the TNRC ) .	47	Manufacturing
Over the years , these laboratories have conducted research into conversion ( a hexafluoride plant in Esfahan and at the Jabr Ibn Hayan Multipurpose Laboratories - JHL ) , enrichment , and reprocessing ( analysis and separation experiments using US - supplied hot cells , and radioisotope production at the TNRC ) .	7	Action
The Benefication and Hydrometallurgical Research Center ( BHRC ) operates facilities involved in the production of yellowcake .	11	Participation
The Benefication and Hydrometallurgical Research Center ( BHRC ) operates facilities involved in the production of yellowcake .	14	Manufacturing
The most important of these are the Natanz uranium enrichment plant ( comprising a pilot - and commercial - scale fuel enrichment facility ) , a fuel fabrication plant at Esfahan , a uranium metal purification and casting laboratory , and a 40 MW heavy water research reactor ( IR - 40 ) in Arak .	46	Research
The presence of these facilities confirms Iran ' s growing determination to achieve a full nuclear fuel cycle .	12	Achieve
These facilities and Iran ' s overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .	12	Scrutiny
These facilities and Iran ' s overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .	33	Resolve_problem
California wildfires continue to spread	1	Emergency
Emergency crews said they were hopeful that they would be able to control the fire .	2	Statement
In a statement , Californian governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said that ` ` [ his administration ] is working around the clock to ensure that our brave men and women working on the fires front lines have the resources needed to respond and beat back these fires as quickly as possible . ' '	2	Statement
In a statement , Californian governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said that ` ` [ his administration ] is working around the clock to ensure that our brave men and women working on the fires front lines have the resources needed to respond and beat back these fires as quickly as possible . ' '	8	Statement
In a statement , Californian governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said that ` ` [ his administration ] is working around the clock to ensure that our brave men and women working on the fires front lines have the resources needed to respond and beat back these fires as quickly as possible . ' '	40	Response
Two firefighters were killed in the blaze on Sunday , after fires burnt their vehicle on front lines .	3	Killing
One in four cellphones sold has a camera in it .	4	Commerce_sell
Sue ran down to McDonald ' s and got a hamburger happy meal with a large Diet Coke .	8	Getting
QN : Did Sue get a cup ?	4	Getting
Angela Drake will be moving to California with her husband , where she has accepted a full - time position with the San Diego Public Library .	14	Receiving
Two large fires in the New South Wales Blue Mountains , West of Sydney are burning out of control in difficult fire fighting conditions .	20	Confronting_problem
Commissioner of the NSW Rural Fire Service said fire fighters had made a brave effort to contain the fire .	7	Statement
' ' They ' ve worked extremely hard now for six days but probably their most herculean effort was last night , ' ' My Koperberg said .	26	Statement
' ' They were down on the Grose River working in atrocious conditions as a last - ditch stand . . . and they nearly got there .	5	Connect
' ' They had several metres still to go when it became too hot and we had to evacuate them because it would have endangered them . ' '	11	Becoming
' ' They had several metres still to go when it became too hot and we had to evacuate them because it would have endangered them . ' '	18	Removing
' ' They had several metres still to go when it became too hot and we had to evacuate them because it would have endangered them . ' '	20	Causation
A second fire has begun burning on a 5 km ( 3 mile ) front , along the Putty Road near Wiseman ' s Ferry .	4	Process_start
A second fire has begun burning on a 5 km ( 3 mile ) front , along the Putty Road near Wiseman ' s Ferry .	6	Connect
Prosperity has brought with it a new emphasis on historic preservation .	2	Bringing
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom ' s odyssey in Ulysses .	2	Perception_active
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom ' s odyssey in Ulysses .	23	Traveling
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom ' s odyssey in Ulysses .	18	Traveling
Old buildings are being recycled ; for example , the 17th - century Royal Hospital now holds the Museum of Modern Art .	16	Containing
Old buildings are being recycled ; for example , the 17th - century Royal Hospital now holds the Museum of Modern Art .	21	Create_artwork
And Dublin , a city large in expectations , is still small enough for the visitor to see most of its sights on foot .	21	Traveling
And Dublin , a city large in expectations , is still small enough for the visitor to see most of its sights on foot .	17	Traveling
And Dublin , a city large in expectations , is still small enough for the visitor to see most of its sights on foot .	15	Traveling
The river forms a natural line between the north and south sections of the city .	2	Creating
Historically and culturally this north - south distinction has always been significant , and it still is today , with a dose of good - humored rivalry between the two areas .	26	Competition
I never go north of the Liffey , ' ' one man remarked .	2	Motion
I never go north of the Liffey , ' ' one man remarked .	12	Statement
Dublin is an intimate city , physically small but tightly packed , a perfect place for walking .	16	Self_motion
To the south and east is St . Stephen ' s Green and Georgian Dublin where the national museums are located .	20	Placing
Beckett and Joyce , among others , had to leave their homeland to understand it - - and to be understood .	9	Departing
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .	7	Traveling
The constantly crowded and busy Grafton street is the most visible center for shopping , but there are shops all over that carry an international array of goods as well as the Irish crafts and souvenirs you expect .	17	Presence
The constantly crowded and busy Grafton street is the most visible center for shopping , but there are shops all over that carry an international array of goods as well as the Irish crafts and souvenirs you expect .	33	Create_artwork
The constantly crowded and busy Grafton street is the most visible center for shopping , but there are shops all over that carry an international array of goods as well as the Irish crafts and souvenirs you expect .	13	Commerce_buy
And while multinational chains have made inroads , they seem less blatant here than elsewhere .	5	Creating
The beautiful Wicklow Mountains , and the Wicklow Mountains National Park provide a more rugged countryside , and the area has breathtaking houses and gardens such as Castletown , Mount Usher , and Powerscourt .	11	Supply
The DART ( Dublin Area Rapid Transit ) runs north and south along the coast .	8	Self_motion
Almost half of Ireland ' s population is under twenty - five , and with its universities and professional schools , Dublin also has a large student population .	26	Education_teaching
The universities attract students from all over the world , and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy , buzzing international city .	3	Education_teaching
The universities attract students from all over the world , and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy , buzzing international city .	13	Assistance
The universities attract students from all over the world , and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy , buzzing international city .	15	Change
The universities attract students from all over the world , and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy , buzzing international city .	12	Arriving
The universities attract students from all over the world , and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy , buzzing international city .	2	Motion
And young graduates are not leaving now - - multinational corporations and European Union investment mean there are plenty of opportunities for them at home .	5	Departing
And young graduates are not leaving now - - multinational corporations and European Union investment mean there are plenty of opportunities for them at home .	3	Presence
And young graduates are not leaving now - - multinational corporations and European Union investment mean there are plenty of opportunities for them at home .	2	Education_teaching
And young graduates are not leaving now - - multinational corporations and European Union investment mean there are plenty of opportunities for them at home .	15	Causation
There were only two men in the room , Sir Henry and Stapleton .	1	Presence
They sat with their profiles towards me on either side of the round table .	7	Connect
As I watched them Stapleton rose and left the room , while Sir Henry filled his glass again and leaned back in his chair , puffing at his cigar .	2	Perception_active
As I watched them Stapleton rose and left the room , while Sir Henry filled his glass again and leaned back in his chair , puffing at his cigar .	7	Departing
As I watched them Stapleton rose and left the room , while Sir Henry filled his glass again and leaned back in his chair , puffing at his cigar .	14	Filling
A key turned in a lock , and as he passed in there was a curious scuffling noise from within .	1	Damaging
A key turned in a lock , and as he passed in there was a curious scuffling noise from within .	10	Motion_directional
A key turned in a lock , and as he passed in there was a curious scuffling noise from within .	13	Presence
He was only a minute or so inside , and then I heard the key turn once more and he passed me and re - entered the house .	20	Motion_directional
The island of Jamaica will be near the top of the list for anyone planning an idyllic holiday getaway .	18	Traveling
With warm sunshine , beautiful beaches , lush tropical scenery , and fine hotels , it is guaranteed to provide a little rest and relaxation .	19	Supply
On land , there is a wealth of animal and bird life .	0	Connect
On land , there is a wealth of animal and bird life .	4	Presence
Rare species of butterflies and delicate hummingbirds take to the air , and crocodiles and manatees still live in and around vast tracts of mangrove swamp in the south .	10	Self_motion
The island is surrounded by coral reefs and reef walls , which provide shelter to hundreds of species of sea creatures and recreation to divers and snorkelers .	12	Supply
It says much about the character of the Jamaican people that they have slightly changed the story of Columbus and his trip to the island in 1493 .	14	Change
It says much about the character of the Jamaican people that they have slightly changed the story of Columbus and his trip to the island in 1493 .	21	Traveling
Jamaica has always had a second , unofficial language developed from the early days of slavery .	9	Coming_to_be
Many Jamaicans head to the States for further education , and the American economic influence on areas such as business investment and planning is growing .	2	Self_motion
Many Jamaicans head to the States for further education , and the American economic influence on areas such as business investment and planning is growing .	8	Education_teaching
It still revels in its own identity , which is now internationally recognized through such influential cultural products as the Rastafarian religion and reggae music .	15	Influence
They are very direct in their dealings with each other , as you might discover if you come across a friendly conversation among a group of friends .	14	Know
They are very direct in their dealings with each other , as you might discover if you come across a friendly conversation among a group of friends .	17	Know
They are very direct in their dealings with each other , as you might discover if you come across a friendly conversation among a group of friends .	21	Communication
They are equally direct in their dealings with visitors , too , so do n ' t expect a shy Jamaican smile as you walk by .	8	Traveling
They are equally direct in their dealings with visitors , too , so do n ' t expect a shy Jamaican smile as you walk by .	24	Self_motion
Having some lines ready to throw back at them induces guffaws of laughter and an appreciative slap on the back .	3	GetReady
Having some lines ready to throw back at them induces guffaws of laughter and an appreciative slap on the back .	5	Motion
Having some lines ready to throw back at them induces guffaws of laughter and an appreciative slap on the back .	9	Causation
The popular phrase ` ` Soon come ' ' indicates an apparent lack of concern about time and an unhurried attitude to daily tasks .	9	Communication
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this ` ` laid back ' ' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .	26	Change
Since independence in 1962 , tourism has been Jamaica ' s primary industry and the island has become renowned as one of the prime destinations in the Caribbean .	1	Change_of_leadership
Since independence in 1962 , tourism has been Jamaica ' s primary industry and the island has become renowned as one of the prime destinations in the Caribbean .	5	Traveling
Since independence in 1962 , tourism has been Jamaica ' s primary industry and the island has become renowned as one of the prime destinations in the Caribbean .	17	Becoming
All - inclusive packages and large resort hotels offer restaurants , sporting activities , entertainment , wide - screen sports channels in the bars , shopping , and a guaranteed suntan .	12	Action
All - inclusive packages and large resort hotels offer restaurants , sporting activities , entertainment , wide - screen sports channels in the bars , shopping , and a guaranteed suntan .	25	Commerce_buy
Feel the texture of a hand offered in greeting and try to fathom the ` ` Jamaican handshake , ' ' a ritual whose rules seem to be more complex than those of the game of cricket .	0	Perception_active
But once you begin to look underneath this initial veneer of a ` ` do - nothing - in - the - tropics ' ' holiday , it ' s like peeling the layers of an onion .	3	Process_start
But once you begin to look underneath this initial veneer of a ` ` do - nothing - in - the - tropics ' ' holiday , it ' s like peeling the layers of an onion .	5	Perception_active
But once you begin to look underneath this initial veneer of a ` ` do - nothing - in - the - tropics ' ' holiday , it ' s like peeling the layers of an onion .	31	Emptying
But once you begin to look underneath this initial veneer of a ` ` do - nothing - in - the - tropics ' ' holiday , it ' s like peeling the layers of an onion .	14	Action
Dear Mailhouse donor reminder :	2	Giving
We ' ve helped people break free of the welfare cycle .	3	Assistance
You have helped make Goodwill ' s work possible with your previous support .	2	Assistance
You have helped make Goodwill ' s work possible with your previous support .	3	Change
Goodwill has devised the programs that turned your investment into results .	2	Creating
Goodwill has devised the programs that turned your investment into results .	6	Change
Goodwill has devised the programs that turned your investment into results .	10	Causation
When you and I help somebody find a job , one more person joins the ranks of tax payers , fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer .	4	Assistance
When you and I help somebody find a job , one more person joins the ranks of tax payers , fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer .	27	Assistance
When you and I help somebody find a job , one more person joins the ranks of tax payers , fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer .	8	Employment
When you and I help somebody find a job , one more person joins the ranks of tax payers , fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer .	13	Becoming_a_member
When you and I help somebody find a job , one more person joins the ranks of tax payers , fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer .	30	Getting
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working : physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self - esteem .	1	Presence
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working : physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self - esteem .	10	Employment
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working : physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self - esteem .	24	Education_teaching
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives .	2	Presence
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives .	10	Confronting_problem
Despite persistent suspicions of offensive and defensive chemical and biological weapons ( CBW ) programs , there is no conclusive evidence that Taiwan has developed or deployed chemical or biological weapons .	17	Presence
Despite persistent suspicions of offensive and defensive chemical and biological weapons ( CBW ) programs , there is no conclusive evidence that Taiwan has developed or deployed chemical or biological weapons .	6	Defending
Despite persistent suspicions of offensive and defensive chemical and biological weapons ( CBW ) programs , there is no conclusive evidence that Taiwan has developed or deployed chemical or biological weapons .	24	Cause_to_make_progress
Despite persistent suspicions of offensive and defensive chemical and biological weapons ( CBW ) programs , there is no conclusive evidence that Taiwan has developed or deployed chemical or biological weapons .	26	Arranging
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short - range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .	3	Cause_to_make_progress
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short - range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .	17	Arriving
Taiwan ' s first nuclear reactor was built at National Tsinghua University in 1956 , and its first nuclear power plant was opened in 1965 .	7	Building
Although plagued by domestic opposition and delays , a fourth nuclear power plant is scheduled to begin operation in 2006 .	16	Process_start
Taiwan ' s nuclear weapons program was established under the direction of the Institute of Nuclear Energy Research ( INER ) and the Chungshan Institute of Science and Technology following the People ' s Republic of China ' s first nuclear test in October 1964 .	7	Creating
Taiwan ' s nuclear weapons program was established under the direction of the Institute of Nuclear Energy Research ( INER ) and the Chungshan Institute of Science and Technology following the People ' s Republic of China ' s first nuclear test in October 1964 .	41	Testing
The ` ` Hsin Chu ` ` program involved procurement and operation of a heavy water reactor , a heavy water production plant , a reprocessing research laboratory , and a plutonium separation plant .	11	Using
The ` ` Hsin Chu ` ` program involved procurement and operation of a heavy water reactor , a heavy water production plant , a reprocessing research laboratory , and a plutonium separation plant .	21	Manufacturing
The ` ` Hsin Chu ` ` program involved procurement and operation of a heavy water reactor , a heavy water production plant , a reprocessing research laboratory , and a plutonium separation plant .	26	Research
The ` ` Hsin Chu ` ` program involved procurement and operation of a heavy water reactor , a heavy water production plant , a reprocessing research laboratory , and a plutonium separation plant .	9	Getting
Taiwan probably possesses the technological expertise necessary to develop nuclear weapons , but U . S . pressure and the possibility of a pre - emptive strike by China have prevented a resumption of the nuclear weapons program .	8	Cause_to_make_progress
Taiwan probably possesses the technological expertise necessary to develop nuclear weapons , but U . S . pressure and the possibility of a pre - emptive strike by China have prevented a resumption of the nuclear weapons program .	17	Convincing
Taiwan probably possesses the technological expertise necessary to develop nuclear weapons , but U . S . pressure and the possibility of a pre - emptive strike by China have prevented a resumption of the nuclear weapons program .	26	Attack
Taiwan probably possesses the technological expertise necessary to develop nuclear weapons , but U . S . pressure and the possibility of a pre - emptive strike by China have prevented a resumption of the nuclear weapons program .	30	Preventing_or_letting
Taiwan has been accused of making efforts to acquire a biological weapons ( BW ) capability .	8	Getting
Taiwan has been accused of making efforts to acquire a biological weapons ( BW ) capability .	3	Judgment_communication
Taiwan signed the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1972 , but its role in this treaty is not officially recognized .	1	Sign_agreement
While acknowledging production of small quantities of CW agents for defense research purposes , Taiwanese authorities have consistently denied any offensive CW capabilities .	2	Manufacturing
While acknowledging production of small quantities of CW agents for defense research purposes , Taiwanese authorities have consistently denied any offensive CW capabilities .	11	Research
While acknowledging production of small quantities of CW agents for defense research purposes , Taiwanese authorities have consistently denied any offensive CW capabilities .	10	Defending
Because of Taiwan ' s non - state status , it can not join the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) nor the Australia Group .	13	Becoming_a_member
Taiwan ' s short - range ballistic missile ( SRBM ) program is based at the Chungshan Institute of Science and Technology , which has developed a range of missiles including the Hsiung Feng series of anti - ship missiles , the Tien Chien series of air - to - air missiles , and the Tien Kung series of surface - to - air missiles .	25	Cause_to_make_progress
The Tien Chi incorporates global positioning system technology and has an estimated payload of 100 - 500 kg . One report claims that as many as 50 Tien Chi missiles have been deployed on Tungyin Island and at an unidentified second location .	21	Statement
The Tien Chi incorporates global positioning system technology and has an estimated payload of 100 - 500 kg . One report claims that as many as 50 Tien Chi missiles have been deployed on Tungyin Island and at an unidentified second location .	32	Arranging
Development of the Tien Ma , a ballistic missile with a range of 950 km , was reportedly discontinued in the early 1980s due to U . S . pressure .	18	Process_end
Development of the Tien Ma , a ballistic missile with a range of 950 km , was reportedly discontinued in the early 1980s due to U . S . pressure .	29	Convincing
A key uncertainty is how ongoing military modernization efforts will ultimately reshape China ' s strategic nuclear capabilities , but U . S . deployments of missile defenses are likely to be a key variable .	24	Arranging
A key uncertainty is how ongoing military modernization efforts will ultimately reshape China ' s strategic nuclear capabilities , but U . S . deployments of missile defenses are likely to be a key variable .	7	Cause_to_make_progress
A key uncertainty is how ongoing military modernization efforts will ultimately reshape China ' s strategic nuclear capabilities , but U . S . deployments of missile defenses are likely to be a key variable .	11	Change
A key uncertainty is how ongoing military modernization efforts will ultimately reshape China ' s strategic nuclear capabilities , but U . S . deployments of missile defenses are likely to be a key variable .	27	Defending
China ' s nuclear weapons program began in 1955 and culminated in a successful nuclear test in 1964 .	6	Process_start
China ' s nuclear weapons program began in 1955 and culminated in a successful nuclear test in 1964 .	15	Testing
Since then , China has conducted 45 nuclear tests , including tests of thermonuclear weapons and a neutron bomb .	5	Action
Since then , China has conducted 45 nuclear tests , including tests of thermonuclear weapons and a neutron bomb .	8	Testing
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China ' s signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .	4	Testing
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China ' s signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .	18	Testing
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China ' s signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .	14	Sign_agreement
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China ' s signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .	33	Creating
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China ' s signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .	26	Causation
China joined the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) in 1984 and acceded to the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) in 1992 as a nuclear weapon state .	1	Becoming_a_member
China joined the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) in 1984 and acceded to the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) in 1992 as a nuclear weapon state .	13	Sign_agreement
Since the early 1990s , China has improved its export controls , including the promulgation of regulations on nuclear and nuclear dual - use exports and has pledged to halt exports of nuclear technology to un - safeguarded facilities .	27	Commitment
Since the early 1990s , China has improved its export controls , including the promulgation of regulations on nuclear and nuclear dual - use exports and has pledged to halt exports of nuclear technology to un - safeguarded facilities .	29	Process_end
Since the early 1990s , China has improved its export controls , including the promulgation of regulations on nuclear and nuclear dual - use exports and has pledged to halt exports of nuclear technology to un - safeguarded facilities .	7	Cause_to_make_progress
While China has publicly declared to be consistently in compliance with the BTWC , past U . S . government reports have alleged that China not only has a small - scale offensive biological weapons program , but has also transferred controlled biological weapons - related items to nations of proliferation concern such as Iran .	4	Statement
While China has publicly declared to be consistently in compliance with the BTWC , past U . S . government reports have alleged that China not only has a small - scale offensive biological weapons program , but has also transferred controlled biological weapons - related items to nations of proliferation concern such as Iran .	22	Statement
While China has publicly declared to be consistently in compliance with the BTWC , past U . S . government reports have alleged that China not only has a small - scale offensive biological weapons program , but has also transferred controlled biological weapons - related items to nations of proliferation concern such as Iran .	32	Attack
While China has publicly declared to be consistently in compliance with the BTWC , past U . S . government reports have alleged that China not only has a small - scale offensive biological weapons program , but has also transferred controlled biological weapons - related items to nations of proliferation concern such as Iran .	40	Sending
Such transfers have resulted in numerous U . S . nonproliferation sanctions being imposed on Chinese entities .	1	Sending
Such transfers have resulted in numerous U . S . nonproliferation sanctions being imposed on Chinese entities .	11	Revenge
Such transfers have resulted in numerous U . S . nonproliferation sanctions being imposed on Chinese entities .	3	Causation
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .	1	Ratification
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .	21	Manufacturing
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .	26	Manufacturing
A transition is currently underway from relatively inaccurate , liquid - fueled , silo / cave - based missiles ( DF - 3 , DF - 4 , DF - 5 ) to more accurate , solid - fueled , mobile missiles ( DF - 11 , DF - 15 , and DF - 21 , and a new ICBM [ the DF - 31 ] and SLBM [ the JL - 2 ] , which are currently under development ) .	11	Supply
China is replacing its older DF - 5 missiles with new DF - 5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .	20	Supply
China transferred 36 DF - 3 medium - range missiles to Saudi Arabia in 1988 , and supplied Pakistan with 34 M - 11 short - range missiles in 1992 .	1	Sending
China transferred 36 DF - 3 medium - range missiles to Saudi Arabia in 1988 , and supplied Pakistan with 34 M - 11 short - range missiles in 1992 .	17	Supply
China has not joined the Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) , but has pledged to abide by its main parameters .	3	Becoming_a_member
China has not joined the Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) , but has pledged to abide by its main parameters .	15	Commitment
Since 2004 , China has been engaged in consultation with the MTCR ; however , its application for membership has so far not been successful and suspicions , especially in the United States , about Chinese missile technology transfers remain .	6	Action
Since 2004 , China has been engaged in consultation with the MTCR ; however , its application for membership has so far not been successful and suspicions , especially in the United States , about Chinese missile technology transfers remain .	38	Sending
Since 2004 , China has been engaged in consultation with the MTCR ; however , its application for membership has so far not been successful and suspicions , especially in the United States , about Chinese missile technology transfers remain .	8	Communication
Since 2004 , China has been engaged in consultation with the MTCR ; however , its application for membership has so far not been successful and suspicions , especially in the United States , about Chinese missile technology transfers remain .	39	Presence
On 11 January 2007 , China successfully carried out a test of a direct ascent anti - satellite ( ASAT ) weapon , by using a ballistic missile to destroy an aging weather satellite in orbit approximately 500 miles above the Earth ' s surface .	8	Action
On 11 January 2007 , China successfully carried out a test of a direct ascent anti - satellite ( ASAT ) weapon , by using a ballistic missile to destroy an aging weather satellite in orbit approximately 500 miles above the Earth ' s surface .	24	Using
On 11 January 2007 , China successfully carried out a test of a direct ascent anti - satellite ( ASAT ) weapon , by using a ballistic missile to destroy an aging weather satellite in orbit approximately 500 miles above the Earth ' s surface .	10	Testing
On 11 January 2007 , China successfully carried out a test of a direct ascent anti - satellite ( ASAT ) weapon , by using a ballistic missile to destroy an aging weather satellite in orbit approximately 500 miles above the Earth ' s surface .	29	Destroying
On 11 January 2007 , China successfully carried out a test of a direct ascent anti - satellite ( ASAT ) weapon , by using a ballistic missile to destroy an aging weather satellite in orbit approximately 500 miles above the Earth ' s surface .	14	Motion_directional
The cost in the first stage of this unique project is estimated at 200 million dollars .	1	Cost
The minister who has a personal website on the internet , further said that he wanted Dubai to become the best place in the world for the advanced ( hitech ) technological companies .	12	Statement
The minister who has a personal website on the internet , further said that he wanted Dubai to become the best place in the world for the advanced ( hitech ) technological companies .	18	Becoming
He said that it would he possible for the companies working in the electronic trade sector to make Dubai their headquarters , and to establish offices here and provide employment and own machinery in the zone opened to companies fully owned by the foreigners .	1	Statement
He said that it would he possible for the companies working in the electronic trade sector to make Dubai their headquarters , and to establish offices here and provide employment and own machinery in the zone opened to companies fully owned by the foreigners .	10	Employment
He said that it would he possible for the companies working in the electronic trade sector to make Dubai their headquarters , and to establish offices here and provide employment and own machinery in the zone opened to companies fully owned by the foreigners .	17	Change
He said that it would he possible for the companies working in the electronic trade sector to make Dubai their headquarters , and to establish offices here and provide employment and own machinery in the zone opened to companies fully owned by the foreigners .	24	Creating
He said that it would he possible for the companies working in the electronic trade sector to make Dubai their headquarters , and to establish offices here and provide employment and own machinery in the zone opened to companies fully owned by the foreigners .	28	Supply
The electronic trade free trade zone is situated in the north of Dubai , close to the free industrial zone in Jabal Ali Mountain , an area which is considered to be the first in the country , and tenth in the world for transit movement .	7	Placing
The apartheid government also undertook a chemical and biological weapons ( CBW ) defense program , which reportedly also included offensive research and use of CBW agents against opponents of that government .	13	Defending
The apartheid government also undertook a chemical and biological weapons ( CBW ) defense program , which reportedly also included offensive research and use of CBW agents against opponents of that government .	21	Research
The apartheid government also undertook a chemical and biological weapons ( CBW ) defense program , which reportedly also included offensive research and use of CBW agents against opponents of that government .	23	Using
In the 1960s , South Africa began to explore the technical utility of ` ` peaceful nuclear explosions ' ' for mining and engineering purposes .	6	Process_start
In parallel with decisions to end apartheid , the government halted the bomb program in 1989 and dismantled existing weapons and associated production equipment .	3	Deciding
In parallel with decisions to end apartheid , the government halted the bomb program in 1989 and dismantled existing weapons and associated production equipment .	5	Process_end
In parallel with decisions to end apartheid , the government halted the bomb program in 1989 and dismantled existing weapons and associated production equipment .	10	Process_end
In parallel with decisions to end apartheid , the government halted the bomb program in 1989 and dismantled existing weapons and associated production equipment .	17	Destroying
In parallel with decisions to end apartheid , the government halted the bomb program in 1989 and dismantled existing weapons and associated production equipment .	18	Presence
In parallel with decisions to end apartheid , the government halted the bomb program in 1989 and dismantled existing weapons and associated production equipment .	22	Manufacturing
South Africa acceded to the Treaty on the Non - Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) as a non - nuclear weapon state in 1991 , and International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspectors subsequently verified the completeness of its nuclear dismantlement .	2	Sign_agreement
South Africa acceded to the Treaty on the Non - Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) as a non - nuclear weapon state in 1991 , and International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspectors subsequently verified the completeness of its nuclear dismantlement .	35	Scrutiny
South Africa acceded to the Treaty on the Non - Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) as a non - nuclear weapon state in 1991 , and International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspectors subsequently verified the completeness of its nuclear dismantlement .	37	Check
South Africa acceded to the Treaty on the Non - Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) as a non - nuclear weapon state in 1991 , and International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspectors subsequently verified the completeness of its nuclear dismantlement .	43	Destroying
South Africa joined the Zangger Committee in 1994 and the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 1995 .	11	Supply
South Africa joined the Zangger Committee in 1994 and the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 1995 .	2	Becoming_a_member
In 2004 , there was also ample discussion concerning South Africa ' s dwindling coal reserves and its need for additional nuclear power generation .	4	Presence
In 2004 , there was also ample discussion concerning South Africa ' s dwindling coal reserves and its need for additional nuclear power generation .	7	Communication
In 2004 , there was also ample discussion concerning South Africa ' s dwindling coal reserves and its need for additional nuclear power generation .	23	Creating
The apartheid - era South African government viewed itself as the target of a ` ` total onslaught ' ' by Soviet - backed Marxist guerrillas or regimes in neighboring states and black nationalists at home , and to meet this all - encompassing ` ` red - black danger ' ' it was apparently willing to use almost any means at its disposal to defend itself .	17	Attack
The apartheid - era South African government viewed itself as the target of a ` ` total onslaught ' ' by Soviet - backed Marxist guerrillas or regimes in neighboring states and black nationalists at home , and to meet this all - encompassing ` ` red - black danger ' ' it was apparently willing to use almost any means at its disposal to defend itself .	57	Using
The apartheid - era South African government viewed itself as the target of a ` ` total onslaught ' ' by Soviet - backed Marxist guerrillas or regimes in neighboring states and black nationalists at home , and to meet this all - encompassing ` ` red - black danger ' ' it was apparently willing to use almost any means at its disposal to defend itself .	65	Defending
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	4	Research
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	6	Manufacturing
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	41	Manufacturing
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	9	Testing
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	13	Killing
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	43	Killing
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	26	Placing
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	35	Creating
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	37	Cause_to_make_progress
The chief facility for researching , producing , and testing BW agents and lethal toxic chemicals was a military front company called Roodeplaat Research Laboratories , located north of Pretoria , and other facilities were established to develop protective clothing and manufacture exotic assassination devices .	39	Wearing
During its existence Coast scientists tested or developed a wide range of harmful BW agents , including Bacillus anthracis , botulinum toxin , Vibrio cholerae , Clostridium perfringens , plague bacteria , and salmonella bacteria .	2	Presence
During its existence Coast scientists tested or developed a wide range of harmful BW agents , including Bacillus anthracis , botulinum toxin , Vibrio cholerae , Clostridium perfringens , plague bacteria , and salmonella bacteria .	5	Testing
During its existence Coast scientists tested or developed a wide range of harmful BW agents , including Bacillus anthracis , botulinum toxin , Vibrio cholerae , Clostridium perfringens , plague bacteria , and salmonella bacteria .	7	Cause_to_make_progress
During its existence Coast scientists tested or developed a wide range of harmful BW agents , including Bacillus anthracis , botulinum toxin , Vibrio cholerae , Clostridium perfringens , plague bacteria , and salmonella bacteria .	13	Hostile_encounter
The CBW program was officially dismantled in 1993 , in the midst of a liberalizing transformation of the regime .	5	Destroying
The CBW program was officially dismantled in 1993 , in the midst of a liberalizing transformation of the regime .	15	Change
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to ` ` rogue regimes ' ' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also - - if certain journalists can be believed - - to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .	12	Participation
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to ` ` rogue regimes ' ' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also - - if certain journalists can be believed - - to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .	22	Supply
These claims have yet to be fully investigated , much less verified .	1	Statement
These claims have yet to be fully investigated , much less verified .	7	Scrutiny
These claims have yet to be fully investigated , much less verified .	11	Check
Although ostensibly created entirely for defensive purposes , since government and Cuban military forces in Angola were reportedly equipped for and planning to use - - if not already using - - CW agents against the South African Defence Force ( SADF ) , from the outset the program also had offensive features and capabilities .	2	Creating
Although ostensibly created entirely for defensive purposes , since government and Cuban military forces in Angola were reportedly equipped for and planning to use - - if not already using - - CW agents against the South African Defence Force ( SADF ) , from the outset the program also had offensive features and capabilities .	18	Supply
Although ostensibly created entirely for defensive purposes , since government and Cuban military forces in Angola were reportedly equipped for and planning to use - - if not already using - - CW agents against the South African Defence Force ( SADF ) , from the outset the program also had offensive features and capabilities .	23	Using
Although ostensibly created entirely for defensive purposes , since government and Cuban military forces in Angola were reportedly equipped for and planning to use - - if not already using - - CW agents against the South African Defence Force ( SADF ) , from the outset the program also had offensive features and capabilities .	29	Using
Although ostensibly created entirely for defensive purposes , since government and Cuban military forces in Angola were reportedly equipped for and planning to use - - if not already using - - CW agents against the South African Defence Force ( SADF ) , from the outset the program also had offensive features and capabilities .	5	Defending
During its existence Coast scientists tested and developed both small quantities of well - known CW agents ( including mustard agent , sarin , tabun , BZ , and perhaps VX ) and a host of lethal , hard - to - trace toxic chemicals .	2	Presence
During its existence Coast scientists tested and developed both small quantities of well - known CW agents ( including mustard agent , sarin , tabun , BZ , and perhaps VX ) and a host of lethal , hard - to - trace toxic chemicals .	5	Testing
During its existence Coast scientists tested and developed both small quantities of well - known CW agents ( including mustard agent , sarin , tabun , BZ , and perhaps VX ) and a host of lethal , hard - to - trace toxic chemicals .	7	Cause_to_make_progress
During its existence Coast scientists tested and developed both small quantities of well - known CW agents ( including mustard agent , sarin , tabun , BZ , and perhaps VX ) and a host of lethal , hard - to - trace toxic chemicals .	15	Hostile_encounter
During its existence Coast scientists tested and developed both small quantities of well - known CW agents ( including mustard agent , sarin , tabun , BZ , and perhaps VX ) and a host of lethal , hard - to - trace toxic chemicals .	36	Killing
During its existence Coast scientists tested and developed both small quantities of well - known CW agents ( including mustard agent , sarin , tabun , BZ , and perhaps VX ) and a host of lethal , hard - to - trace toxic chemicals .	38	Confronting_problem
The CBW program was officially dismantled in 1993 , in the midst of a liberalizing transformation of the regime .	5	Destroying
The CBW program was officially dismantled in 1993 , in the midst of a liberalizing transformation of the regime .	15	Change
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to ` ` rogue regimes ' ' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also - - if certain journalists can be believed - - to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .	12	Participation
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to ` ` rogue regimes ' ' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also - - if certain journalists can be believed - - to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .	22	Supply
These claims have yet to be fully investigated , much less verified .	1	Statement
These claims have yet to be fully investigated , much less verified .	7	Scrutiny
These claims have yet to be fully investigated , much less verified .	11	Check
It appears that Israel collaborated with South Africa in development of this program , but the nature and extent of this relationship is unknown .	4	Collaboration
Facing U . S . opposition to missile proliferation and the end of its apartheid government , South Africa abandoned its missile and space launch programs in 1991 and dismantled associated facilities under international observation .	11	Process_end
Facing U . S . opposition to missile proliferation and the end of its apartheid government , South Africa abandoned its missile and space launch programs in 1991 and dismantled associated facilities under international observation .	29	Destroying
Facing U . S . opposition to missile proliferation and the end of its apartheid government , South Africa abandoned its missile and space launch programs in 1991 and dismantled associated facilities under international observation .	34	Perception_active
Libya has shown interest in and taken steps to acquire weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) and their delivery systems .	9	Getting
Libya has shown interest in and taken steps to acquire weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) and their delivery systems .	7	Action
Indeed , it is one of the few states to have employed chemical weapons in a conflict ( Chad , 1987 ) .	11	Using
Indeed , it is one of the few states to have employed chemical weapons in a conflict ( Chad , 1987 ) .	16	Hostile_encounter
Libya ' s motivation to acquire WMD , and ballistic missiles in particular , appears in part to be a response to Israel ' s clandestine nuclear program and a desire to become a more active player in Middle _ Eastern and African politics .	5	Getting
Libya ' s motivation to acquire WMD , and ballistic missiles in particular , appears in part to be a response to Israel ' s clandestine nuclear program and a desire to become a more active player in Middle _ Eastern and African politics .	32	Becoming
Libya ' s motivation to acquire WMD , and ballistic missiles in particular , appears in part to be a response to Israel ' s clandestine nuclear program and a desire to become a more active player in Middle _ Eastern and African politics .	20	Response
Libya ' s motivation to acquire WMD , and ballistic missiles in particular , appears in part to be a response to Israel ' s clandestine nuclear program and a desire to become a more active player in Middle _ Eastern and African politics .	36	Participation
On 19 December 2003 , Libyan leader Col . Muammar Qadhafi publicly confirmed his commitment to disclose and dismantle WMD programs in his country following a nine - month period of negotiations with US and UK authorities .	14	Commitment
On 19 December 2003 , Libyan leader Col . Muammar Qadhafi publicly confirmed his commitment to disclose and dismantle WMD programs in his country following a nine - month period of negotiations with US and UK authorities .	16	Reveal_secret
On 19 December 2003 , Libyan leader Col . Muammar Qadhafi publicly confirmed his commitment to disclose and dismantle WMD programs in his country following a nine - month period of negotiations with US and UK authorities .	18	Destroying
On 19 December 2003 , Libyan leader Col . Muammar Qadhafi publicly confirmed his commitment to disclose and dismantle WMD programs in his country following a nine - month period of negotiations with US and UK authorities .	31	Communication
On 19 December 2003 , Libyan leader Col . Muammar Qadhafi publicly confirmed his commitment to disclose and dismantle WMD programs in his country following a nine - month period of negotiations with US and UK authorities .	12	Statement
In its 19 December 2003 announcement that it was eliminating all materials , equipment and programs proscribed by the international community , Libya took the unusual step of first publicly revealing its nuclear weapons program , then renouncing it .	5	Statement
In its 19 December 2003 announcement that it was eliminating all materials , equipment and programs proscribed by the international community , Libya took the unusual step of first publicly revealing its nuclear weapons program , then renouncing it .	30	Reveal_secret
In its 19 December 2003 announcement that it was eliminating all materials , equipment and programs proscribed by the international community , Libya took the unusual step of first publicly revealing its nuclear weapons program , then renouncing it .	26	Action
In its 19 December 2003 announcement that it was eliminating all materials , equipment and programs proscribed by the international community , Libya took the unusual step of first publicly revealing its nuclear weapons program , then renouncing it .	9	Removing
According to International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Mohamed ElBaradei , who led a December 2003 inspection team to Libya , Libya ' s nuclear weapons program is in the very initial stages , about three to seven years away from producing a nuclear weapon .	41	Manufacturing
According to International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Mohamed ElBaradei , who led a December 2003 inspection team to Libya , Libya ' s nuclear weapons program is in the very initial stages , about three to seven years away from producing a nuclear weapon .	16	Scrutiny
Libya admitted having secretly imported raw uranium and the necessary equipment to convert it for enrichment into weapons - grade material but added that the enrichment plan had been dismantled and that no highly enriched uranium had been produced over the past decade .	1	Reveal_secret
Libya admitted having secretly imported raw uranium and the necessary equipment to convert it for enrichment into weapons - grade material but added that the enrichment plan had been dismantled and that no highly enriched uranium had been produced over the past decade .	12	Change
Libya admitted having secretly imported raw uranium and the necessary equipment to convert it for enrichment into weapons - grade material but added that the enrichment plan had been dismantled and that no highly enriched uranium had been produced over the past decade .	22	Statement
Libya admitted having secretly imported raw uranium and the necessary equipment to convert it for enrichment into weapons - grade material but added that the enrichment plan had been dismantled and that no highly enriched uranium had been produced over the past decade .	29	Destroying
Libya admitted having secretly imported raw uranium and the necessary equipment to convert it for enrichment into weapons - grade material but added that the enrichment plan had been dismantled and that no highly enriched uranium had been produced over the past decade .	38	Manufacturing
IAEA inspectors did not found either , though they did find imported equipment and technology at a number of previously secret nuclear facilities in and around Tripoli .	1	Scrutiny
IAEA inspectors did not found either , though they did find imported equipment and technology at a number of previously secret nuclear facilities in and around Tripoli .	4	Know
IAEA inspectors did not found either , though they did find imported equipment and technology at a number of previously secret nuclear facilities in and around Tripoli .	10	Know
It has been revealed that Abdul Qadeer Khan of Pakistan is responsible for providing Libya with its nuclear warhead plans , raw uranium and enrichment centrifuges through his black market network .	3	Reveal_secret
It has been revealed that Abdul Qadeer Khan of Pakistan is responsible for providing Libya with its nuclear warhead plans , raw uranium and enrichment centrifuges through his black market network .	13	Supply
In his 19 December 2003 announcement , Qadhafi pledged to adhere to the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty which Libya ratified in 1975 , and to sign the Additional Protocol , which it did on 10 March 2004 .	5	Statement
In his 19 December 2003 announcement , Qadhafi pledged to adhere to the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty which Libya ratified in 1975 , and to sign the Additional Protocol , which it did on 10 March 2004 .	8	Commitment
In his 19 December 2003 announcement , Qadhafi pledged to adhere to the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty which Libya ratified in 1975 , and to sign the Additional Protocol , which it did on 10 March 2004 .	26	Sign_agreement
In his 19 December 2003 announcement , Qadhafi pledged to adhere to the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty which Libya ratified in 1975 , and to sign the Additional Protocol , which it did on 10 March 2004 .	20	Ratification
In his 19 December 2003 announcement , Qadhafi pledged to adhere to the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty which Libya ratified in 1975 , and to sign the Additional Protocol , which it did on 10 March 2004 .	33	Action
IAEA chief El Baradei indicated that signing the Protocol would ensure IAEA oversight over Libya ' s nuclear transition from weapons creation to peaceful purposes .	4	Communication
IAEA chief El Baradei indicated that signing the Protocol would ensure IAEA oversight over Libya ' s nuclear transition from weapons creation to peaceful purposes .	6	Sign_agreement
IAEA chief El Baradei indicated that signing the Protocol would ensure IAEA oversight over Libya ' s nuclear transition from weapons creation to peaceful purposes .	21	Creating
In 1996 , it had signed the Treaty of Pelindaba which established a nuclear - weapon - free zone in Africa .	5	Sign_agreement
In 1996 , it had signed the Treaty of Pelindaba which established a nuclear - weapon - free zone in Africa .	11	Creating
Besides previously secret nuclear sites disclosed in late 2003 , Libya possesses a Soviet - supplied 10 MW research reactor in Tajura .	5	Reveal_secret
Besides previously secret nuclear sites disclosed in late 2003 , Libya possesses a Soviet - supplied 10 MW research reactor in Tajura .	18	Research
In 2003 , Libya admitted its previous intentions to acquire equipment needed to produce biological weapons ( BW ) .	4	Reveal_secret
In 2003 , Libya admitted its previous intentions to acquire equipment needed to produce biological weapons ( BW ) .	9	Getting
In 2003 , Libya admitted its previous intentions to acquire equipment needed to produce biological weapons ( BW ) .	13	Manufacturing
In October and December 2003 , Libyan officials took US and UK experts to a number of medical and agricultural research centers that had the potential to be used in BW research .	28	Using
In October and December 2003 , Libyan officials took US and UK experts to a number of medical and agricultural research centers that had the potential to be used in BW research .	8	Bringing
In October and December 2003 , Libyan officials took US and UK experts to a number of medical and agricultural research centers that had the potential to be used in BW research .	20	Research
In documentation provided to US and UK authorities in 2003 , Libya revealed a ` ` significant quantity ' ' of mustard agent produced more than 10 years ago at a facility near Rabta , located in the Sahara Desert about 120 km southwest of Tripoli , along with chemical munitions and equipment needed to establish a second CW production facility .	23	Manufacturing
In documentation provided to US and UK authorities in 2003 , Libya revealed a ` ` significant quantity ' ' of mustard agent produced more than 10 years ago at a facility near Rabta , located in the Sahara Desert about 120 km southwest of Tripoli , along with chemical munitions and equipment needed to establish a second CW production facility .	35	Placing
In documentation provided to US and UK authorities in 2003 , Libya revealed a ` ` significant quantity ' ' of mustard agent produced more than 10 years ago at a facility near Rabta , located in the Sahara Desert about 120 km southwest of Tripoli , along with chemical munitions and equipment needed to establish a second CW production facility .	12	Reveal_secret
In documentation provided to US and UK authorities in 2003 , Libya revealed a ` ` significant quantity ' ' of mustard agent produced more than 10 years ago at a facility near Rabta , located in the Sahara Desert about 120 km southwest of Tripoli , along with chemical munitions and equipment needed to establish a second CW production facility .	55	Creating
In documentation provided to US and UK authorities in 2003 , Libya revealed a ` ` significant quantity ' ' of mustard agent produced more than 10 years ago at a facility near Rabta , located in the Sahara Desert about 120 km southwest of Tripoli , along with chemical munitions and equipment needed to establish a second CW production facility .	2	Supply
In December 2003 , Libya pledged to eliminate all chemical weapons stocks and munitions and accede to the Chemical Weapons Convention ` ` without delay . ' '	5	Commitment
In December 2003 , Libya pledged to eliminate all chemical weapons stocks and munitions and accede to the Chemical Weapons Convention ` ` without delay . ' '	7	Removing
In December 2003 , Libya pledged to eliminate all chemical weapons stocks and munitions and accede to the Chemical Weapons Convention ` ` without delay . ' '	15	Sign_agreement
Libya first acquired Scud - B missiles in the early 1970 s from the Soviet Union .	2	Getting
In November 2000 , as part of a $ 600 million agreement , Libya allegedly acquired the first shipment of a total of 50 North Korean Nodong ballistic missiles , including launch capabilities .	15	Getting
In November 2000 , as part of a $ 600 million agreement , Libya allegedly acquired the first shipment of a total of 50 North Korean Nodong ballistic missiles , including launch capabilities .	18	Sending
This complemented other missile component shipments that reportedly began in 1999 .	8	Process_start
This complemented other missile component shipments that reportedly began in 1999 .	5	Sending
Also , after the lifting of the 1999 sanctions , reports of increased technical and structural assistance from countries like Iran , North Korea , China , India , and Russia have raised concerns over Libya ' s growing ability to manufacture ballistic missiles .	10	Statement
Also , after the lifting of the 1999 sanctions , reports of increased technical and structural assistance from countries like Iran , North Korea , China , India , and Russia have raised concerns over Libya ' s growing ability to manufacture ballistic missiles .	41	Manufacturing
Also , after the lifting of the 1999 sanctions , reports of increased technical and structural assistance from countries like Iran , North Korea , China , India , and Russia have raised concerns over Libya ' s growing ability to manufacture ballistic missiles .	4	Process_end
Also , after the lifting of the 1999 sanctions , reports of increased technical and structural assistance from countries like Iran , North Korea , China , India , and Russia have raised concerns over Libya ' s growing ability to manufacture ballistic missiles .	8	Revenge
Also , after the lifting of the 1999 sanctions , reports of increased technical and structural assistance from countries like Iran , North Korea , China , India , and Russia have raised concerns over Libya ' s growing ability to manufacture ballistic missiles .	16	Assistance
In 2003 , US experts were given access to Libya ' s missile arsenal and to a number of missile research facilities .	6	Giving
In 2003 , US experts were given access to Libya ' s missile arsenal and to a number of missile research facilities .	20	Research
QN : Did John pass through the Rome airport customs area ?	4	Motion_directional
QN : Did Steve pass through the Rome airport customs area ?	4	Motion_directional
On the way the plane stopped in Rome , where John was arrested .	12	Arrest
On the way the plane stopped in Rome , where John was arrested .	12	Arrest
On the way the plane stopped in Rome , where John was arrested .	12	Arrest
On the way the plane stopped in Rome , where John was arrested .	12	Arrest
QN : Can he go to Paris on Dec . 1 ?	4	Motion
QN : Can he go to Paris on Dec 14th ?	4	Motion
John , who always carries his laptop with him , took a flight from Boston to Paris on the morning of Dec 11th .	4	Bringing
John , who always carries his laptop with him , took a flight from Boston to Paris on the morning of Dec 11th .	4	Bringing
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .	3	Traveling
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .	20	Motion
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .	15	Communication
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .	3	Traveling
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .	20	Motion
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .	15	Communication
QN : Did the meeting take place on Thursday ?	4	Communication
A rainstorm caused cancellation of the important meeting on Thursday .	2	Causation
A rainstorm caused cancellation of the important meeting on Thursday .	7	Communication
The pilot perished in the crash .	2	Death
A CH - 47 Chinook , carrying 10 people , crashed near Ghazni while returning to Bagram Air Base near the capital .	6	Bringing
A CH - 47 Chinook , carrying 10 people , crashed near Ghazni while returning to Bagram Air Base near the capital .	14	Arriving
The pilot perished in the crash .	2	Death
A CH - 47 Chinook , carrying 10 people , crashed near Ghazni while returning to Bagram Air Base near the capital .	6	Bringing
A CH - 47 Chinook , carrying 10 people , crashed near Ghazni while returning to Bagram Air Base near the capital .	14	Arriving
The pilot perished in the crash .	2	Death
A . Q . Khan of Pakistan sold plans for a nuclear bomb to Iran .	7	Commerce_sell
He also sold the XYZ - 11 , the key part necessary for the trigger .	2	Commerce_sell
A . Q . Khan of Pakistan sold plans for a nuclear bomb to Iran .	7	Commerce_sell
He also sold the XYZ - 11 , the key part necessary for the trigger .	2	Commerce_sell
A . Q . Khan of Pakistan sold plans for a nuclear bomb to Iran .	7	Commerce_sell
A . Q . Khan of Pakistan sold plans for a nuclear bomb to Iran .	7	Commerce_sell
His train to New York was scheduled to leave the station at 10 : 30 .	8	Departing
His train to New York was scheduled to leave the station at 10 : 30 .	8	Departing
His train to New York was scheduled to leave the station at 10 : 30 .	8	Departing
His train to New York was scheduled to leave the station at 10 : 30 .	8	Departing
His train to New York was scheduled to leave the station at 10 : 30 .	8	Departing
His train to New York was scheduled to leave the station at 10 : 30 .	8	Departing
Thirty - two of the 159 U . N . members were honoring the sanctions against Iraq .	14	Revenge
QN : Were there sanctions against Iraq ?	2	Presence
QN : Were there sanctions against Iraq ?	4	Revenge
Sardar Patel faced imprisonment for the first time when he was assisting Gandhiji in the Salt Satyagraha .	11	Assistance
QN : Did the purchase take place ?	4	Commerce_buy
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron .	2	Reveal_secret
Iranian troops suffered tens of thousands of casualties from Iraqi chemical weapons during the 1980 - 88 Iran - Iraq War .	2	Catastrophe
Iranian troops suffered tens of thousands of casualties from Iraqi chemical weapons during the 1980 - 88 Iran - Iraq War .	20	Hostile_encounter
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .	2	Statement
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .	6	Manufacturing
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .	11	Filling
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .	21	Arranging
Iran is suspected of having developed such a capability with aid from individuals and companies in the West , as well as India and China .	5	Cause_to_make_progress
Iran is suspected of having developed such a capability with aid from individuals and companies in the West , as well as India and China .	10	Assistance
Most of the sources have a pre - existing bias against Iran , rendering a bulk of their information subject to speculation .	13	Causation
The following profile attempts to piece together an objective overview of allegations surrounding Iran and its CW capabilities by mining through reports in open source literature from a variety of sources .	6	Building
The following profile attempts to piece together an objective overview of allegations surrounding Iran and its CW capabilities by mining through reports in open source literature from a variety of sources .	11	Statement
Iran ' s entanglement with CW stems from the legacy of the Iran - Iraq War .	3	Participation
Iran ' s entanglement with CW stems from the legacy of the Iran - Iraq War .	15	Hostile_encounter
By the end of the War , Iran appeared to have suffered as many as 50 , 000 chemical warfare casualties , of whom perhaps 5 , 000 died .	11	Catastrophe
By the end of the War , Iran appeared to have suffered as many as 50 , 000 chemical warfare casualties , of whom perhaps 5 , 000 died .	19	Hostile_encounter
By the end of the War , Iran appeared to have suffered as many as 50 , 000 chemical warfare casualties , of whom perhaps 5 , 000 died .	28	Death
By the end of the War , Iran appeared to have suffered as many as 50 , 000 chemical warfare casualties , of whom perhaps 5 , 000 died .	2	Process_end
Many Iranian officials concluded that their country had to develop the ability to retaliate in kind in order to deter chemical weapons use against it .	3	Coming_to_believe
Many Iranian officials concluded that their country had to develop the ability to retaliate in kind in order to deter chemical weapons use against it .	9	Cause_to_make_progress
Many Iranian officials concluded that their country had to develop the ability to retaliate in kind in order to deter chemical weapons use against it .	13	Revenge
Many Iranian officials concluded that their country had to develop the ability to retaliate in kind in order to deter chemical weapons use against it .	22	Using
There are some reports that between 1984 and 1988 Iran employed chemical agents on a limited scale during the war with Iraq ; however , an intensive review of the open literature ( including UN reports from that era ) have failed to verify such claims .	3	Statement
There are some reports that between 1984 and 1988 Iran employed chemical agents on a limited scale during the war with Iraq ; however , an intensive review of the open literature ( including UN reports from that era ) have failed to verify such claims .	45	Statement
There are some reports that between 1984 and 1988 Iran employed chemical agents on a limited scale during the war with Iraq ; however , an intensive review of the open literature ( including UN reports from that era ) have failed to verify such claims .	10	Using
There are some reports that between 1984 and 1988 Iran employed chemical agents on a limited scale during the war with Iraq ; however , an intensive review of the open literature ( including UN reports from that era ) have failed to verify such claims .	19	Hostile_encounter
This is despite near - constant Iranian rhetoric during the 1980s , invoking the threat of CW in retaliation if the world community failed to take any action against Iraq .	18	Revenge
This is despite near - constant Iranian rhetoric during the 1980s , invoking the threat of CW in retaliation if the world community failed to take any action against Iraq .	27	Action
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .	14	Coming_to_believe
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .	29	Manufacturing
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .	19	Defending
Also in 1989 , the State Trading Corporation of India admitted that it had sold Iran over 60 tons of thionyl chloride ( a nerve agent precursor ) and that its supplier was planning to ship an additional 257 tons of the chemical to Iran .	10	Reveal_secret
Also in 1989 , the State Trading Corporation of India admitted that it had sold Iran over 60 tons of thionyl chloride ( a nerve agent precursor ) and that its supplier was planning to ship an additional 257 tons of the chemical to Iran .	14	Commerce_sell
Also in 1989 , the State Trading Corporation of India admitted that it had sold Iran over 60 tons of thionyl chloride ( a nerve agent precursor ) and that its supplier was planning to ship an additional 257 tons of the chemical to Iran .	31	Supply
Also in 1989 , the State Trading Corporation of India admitted that it had sold Iran over 60 tons of thionyl chloride ( a nerve agent precursor ) and that its supplier was planning to ship an additional 257 tons of the chemical to Iran .	35	Sending
India also agreed to sell Iran phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual - use chemical used in the production of pesticides as well as the nerve agent VX .	4	Commerce_sell
India also agreed to sell Iran phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual - use chemical used in the production of pesticides as well as the nerve agent VX .	14	Using
India also agreed to sell Iran phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual - use chemical used in the production of pesticides as well as the nerve agent VX .	17	Manufacturing
China reportedly agreed to sell Iran 500 tons of phosphorus pentasulfide .	4	Commerce_sell
One example was the 1997 sale by China to Iran of 40 , 000 barrels of calcium - hypochlorite , a chemical and biological decontaminating agent .	5	Commerce_sell
Other defensive material purchased by Iran includes respirators from Spain , protective gear from South Korea , and atropine autoinjectors from the Netherlands .	1	Defending
Other defensive material purchased by Iran includes respirators from Spain , protective gear from South Korea , and atropine autoinjectors from the Netherlands .	3	Commerce_buy
In 1995 , Asian - Ways , Ltd . World Co ( Hong Kong ) Ltd . and Mainway International Ltd . were sanctioned by the US State Department for supplying Iran with ` ` nerve gas technology . ' '	30	Supply
In 1997 , two more Chinese companies and were sanctioned by the US State Department for selling Iran CW related precursors and equipment .	16	Commerce_sell
In 1997 , two more Chinese companies and were sanctioned by the US State Department for selling Iran CW related precursors and equipment .	22	Supply
They were accused of exporting thionyl chloride , dimethylamine , and ethylene chlorohydrin .	2	Judgment_communication
Some sources , citing US intelligence officials , also claim that Iran has developed sarin , tabun , and V - series nerve agents .	9	Statement
Some sources , citing US intelligence officials , also claim that Iran has developed sarin , tabun , and V - series nerve agents .	13	Cause_to_make_progress
Some sources , citing US intelligence officials , also claim that Iran has developed sarin , tabun , and V - series nerve agents .	3	Adducing
Iran has several advanced research institutions employing various chemicals for a variety of reasons , including pesticide production , pharmaceutical research , and other medical studies .	4	Research
Iran has several advanced research institutions employing various chemicals for a variety of reasons , including pesticide production , pharmaceutical research , and other medical studies .	6	Using
Iran has several advanced research institutions employing various chemicals for a variety of reasons , including pesticide production , pharmaceutical research , and other medical studies .	13	Causation
Iran has several advanced research institutions employing various chemicals for a variety of reasons , including pesticide production , pharmaceutical research , and other medical studies .	17	Manufacturing
Iran has several advanced research institutions employing various chemicals for a variety of reasons , including pesticide production , pharmaceutical research , and other medical studies .	25	Scrutiny
Iran submitted a declaration on its chemical facilities and its past CW stockpile , it has destroyed chemical weapons production equipment in the presence of OPCW inspectors , and it has undergone a number of OPCW inspections of its chemical industrial facilities .	3	Statement
Iran submitted a declaration on its chemical facilities and its past CW stockpile , it has destroyed chemical weapons production equipment in the presence of OPCW inspectors , and it has undergone a number of OPCW inspections of its chemical industrial facilities .	16	Destroying
Iran submitted a declaration on its chemical facilities and its past CW stockpile , it has destroyed chemical weapons production equipment in the presence of OPCW inspectors , and it has undergone a number of OPCW inspections of its chemical industrial facilities .	19	Manufacturing
Iran submitted a declaration on its chemical facilities and its past CW stockpile , it has destroyed chemical weapons production equipment in the presence of OPCW inspectors , and it has undergone a number of OPCW inspections of its chemical industrial facilities .	26	Scrutiny
Iran submitted a declaration on its chemical facilities and its past CW stockpile , it has destroyed chemical weapons production equipment in the presence of OPCW inspectors , and it has undergone a number of OPCW inspections of its chemical industrial facilities .	36	Scrutiny
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .	8	Statement
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .	31	Statement
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .	19	Scrutiny
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .	25	Request
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .	40	Check
However , Iran continues to retain a strong incentive for developing a defensive CW program .	10	Cause_to_make_progress
However , Iran continues to retain a strong incentive for developing a defensive CW program .	12	Defending
These sales do not necessarily indicate the presence of an offensive CW capability but are worth noting due to their potential diversion to an illicit Iranian CW program .	1	Commerce_sell
These sales do not necessarily indicate the presence of an offensive CW capability but are worth noting due to their potential diversion to an illicit Iranian CW program .	10	Attack
These sales do not necessarily indicate the presence of an offensive CW capability but are worth noting due to their potential diversion to an illicit Iranian CW program .	16	Know
These sales do not necessarily indicate the presence of an offensive CW capability but are worth noting due to their potential diversion to an illicit Iranian CW program .	24	Legality
Chinese companies have been key suppliers for Iran ' s chemical weapons program .	5	Supply
The Chinese corporation SinoChem reportedly delivered 500 tons of phosphorous pentasulfide in 1996 ( primary precursor of VX , controlled by the Australia Group ; China and Iran are not party to this organization ) .	5	Sending
According to US press reports citing a top secret CIA report , China sold Iran nearly 400 metric tons of chemicals used to produce nerve agents and riot control gas .	13	Commerce_sell
According to US press reports citing a top secret CIA report , China sold Iran nearly 400 metric tons of chemicals used to produce nerve agents and riot control gas .	21	Using
According to US press reports citing a top secret CIA report , China sold Iran nearly 400 metric tons of chemicals used to produce nerve agents and riot control gas .	23	Manufacturing
A classified US intelligence report identified a Chinese individual , Q . C . Chen , as ` ` a major supplier of glass - lined equipment and chemicals to Iran ' s chemical weapons program . ' '	4	Statement
A classified US intelligence report identified a Chinese individual , Q . C . Chen , as ` ` a major supplier of glass - lined equipment and chemicals to Iran ' s chemical weapons program . ' '	21	Supply
Chen is linked to Nocinco ( the North Chemical Industries Corp . ) , a company that was identified by the CIA as ` ` having delivered several hundred tons of carbon disulfide , an ingredient in nerve agents . ' '	26	Sending
In 1995 , orders paid for by Razak Laboratories in Teheran and Chemical and Pharmaceutical Industries in Tabriz , and brokered by Iran ' s International Movalled Industries Corporation ( Imaco ) with the North Chemical Industries Corp . ( Nocinco ) , were not delivered .	3	Request
In 1995 , orders paid for by Razak Laboratories in Teheran and Chemical and Pharmaceutical Industries in Tabriz , and brokered by Iran ' s International Movalled Industries Corporation ( Imaco ) with the North Chemical Industries Corp . ( Nocinco ) , were not delivered .	4	Commerce_pay
In 1995 , orders paid for by Razak Laboratories in Teheran and Chemical and Pharmaceutical Industries in Tabriz , and brokered by Iran ' s International Movalled Industries Corporation ( Imaco ) with the North Chemical Industries Corp . ( Nocinco ) , were not delivered .	45	Sending
In January - February 1997 , China supplied Iran with 40 , 000 barrels of calcium hypochlorite , a chemical - biological - radiological decontamination agent .	7	Supply
In 1997 , Rex International Development Company Ltd . , a company affiliated with the Chinese company Norinco , supplied Iran with high - grade seamless steel pipes , suitable for handling corrosive materials , and associated with chemical weapons production .	19	Supply
In 1997 , Rex International Development Company Ltd . , a company affiliated with the Chinese company Norinco , supplied Iran with high - grade seamless steel pipes , suitable for handling corrosive materials , and associated with chemical weapons production .	40	Manufacturing
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	8	Statement
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	16	Coming_to_believe
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	22	Supply
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	31	Manufacturing
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	71	Manufacturing
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	50	Commerce_buy
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	58	Cause_to_amalgamate
On 8 March 1996 , the Washington Post reported , ` ` US intelligence officials have concluded that companies in China are providing Iran with several virtually complete factories suited for making deadly poison gases , ' ' and that Iranian ` ` military - related organizations ' ' are buying from China glass - lined vessels for mixing precursors , special air - filtration equipment , and the technology to manufacture these items and others indigenously .	32	Killing
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that ` ` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self - sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ' '	8	Statement
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that ` ` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self - sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ' '	21	Commerce_buy
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that ` ` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self - sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ' '	29	Becoming
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that ` ` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self - sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ' '	34	Manufacturing
Under the deal , concluded last month , China supplied Iran with 500 tons of phosphorus pentsulfide , material banned under the terms of the CWC if known to be used in a CW program .	9	Supply
Under the deal , concluded last month , China supplied Iran with 500 tons of phosphorus pentsulfide , material banned under the terms of the CWC if known to be used in a CW program .	30	Using
Previously in 1997 , a statement submitted by the office of Madeline Albright - - then US Secretary of State - - concluded that SinoChem had not been involved in any dual - use shipments to Iran .	5	Statement
Previously in 1997 , a statement submitted by the office of Madeline Albright - - then US Secretary of State - - concluded that SinoChem had not been involved in any dual - use shipments to Iran .	28	Participation
Previously in 1997 , a statement submitted by the office of Madeline Albright - - then US Secretary of State - - concluded that SinoChem had not been involved in any dual - use shipments to Iran .	22	Coming_to_believe
Previously in 1997 , a statement submitted by the office of Madeline Albright - - then US Secretary of State - - concluded that SinoChem had not been involved in any dual - use shipments to Iran .	34	Sending
Iran purchased atropine autoinjectors for antidotes to nerve gas from a Dutch company .	1	Commerce_buy
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	8	Statement
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	26	Supply
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	31	Manufacturing
On 23 June 1996 , the Sunday Telegraph reported about a ` ` secret multi - million - pound deal with the Indian government which will supply banned materials used to manufacture poison gas . ' '	29	Using
But security experts believe that the deal was authorized by Dr . Majid Tehrani Abbaspur , Iran ' s chief security adviser and a close associate of President Rafsanjani .	25	Collaboration
In early 1989 , Iran purchased 60 tons of thionyl chloride , a nerve agent precursor , from India .	5	Commerce_buy
Israel has maintained military - industrial ties with Iran , according to an internal report , prepared for the Israeli defense ministry establishment in January 1998 .	14	Statement
Israel has maintained military - industrial ties with Iran , according to an internal report , prepared for the Israeli defense ministry establishment in January 1998 .	5	Manufacturing
Iran allegedly supplied Libya with chemical agents in 1987 in exchange for naval mines .	2	Supply
Iran allegedly supplied Libya with chemical agents in 1987 in exchange for naval mines .	10	Exchange
This allegation was brought forth mostly by US government sources and can not be verified .	1	Statement
This allegation was brought forth mostly by US government sources and can not be verified .	14	Check
In the mid - 1980s , Mana International Investments , a company registered in Poland and controlled by Nachum Manbar , an Israeli businessman , supplied Iran with NBC protective suits .	25	Supply
In the mid - 1980s , Mana International Investments , a company registered in Poland and controlled by Nachum Manbar , an Israeli businessman , supplied Iran with NBC protective suits .	30	Wearing
In 1988 , Spain supplied Iran with 200 , 000 respirators .	4	Supply
In 1985 , Syria reportedly agreed to supply Iran with chemical weapons , but apparently later backed away from the offer .	7	Supply
On 18 December 1997 , the Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) reported that the Eastern railroad network , run by the Bonyad - e Mostazafan va Janbazan , has purchased 100 tank cars from Ukraine , specifically designed to transport highly toxic chemicals .	13	Statement
On 18 December 1997 , the Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) reported that the Eastern railroad network , run by the Bonyad - e Mostazafan va Janbazan , has purchased 100 tank cars from Ukraine , specifically designed to transport highly toxic chemicals .	31	Commerce_buy
On 18 December 1997 , the Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) reported that the Eastern railroad network , run by the Bonyad - e Mostazafan va Janbazan , has purchased 100 tank cars from Ukraine , specifically designed to transport highly toxic chemicals .	39	Creating
On 18 December 1997 , the Islamic Republic News Agency ( IRNA ) reported that the Eastern railroad network , run by the Bonyad - e Mostazafan va Janbazan , has purchased 100 tank cars from Ukraine , specifically designed to transport highly toxic chemicals .	41	Bringing
According to Michael Eisenstadt , Iran initially obtained chemical agent precursors from the United States , Germany , and Japan .	7	Getting
When stricter export controls were imposed by these countries in the mid to late 1980s , Iran had to find alternative sources , such as India .	19	Know
In recent years , China has been the principal source of CW precursors , as well as production technology .	17	Manufacturing
Iran is currently working on becoming self sufficient in the production of these materials .	5	Becoming
Iran is currently working on becoming self sufficient in the production of these materials .	10	Manufacturing
Iran has a sophisticated base for the development of a chemical weapons program dating back to the Iran - Iraq War ( 1980 - 1988 ) - - a conflict that gave Iran strong incentives for developing a robust chemical defense capability .	29	Hostile_encounter
Iran has a sophisticated base for the development of a chemical weapons program dating back to the Iran - Iraq War ( 1980 - 1988 ) - - a conflict that gave Iran strong incentives for developing a robust chemical defense capability .	36	Cause_to_make_progress
Iran has a sophisticated base for the development of a chemical weapons program dating back to the Iran - Iraq War ( 1980 - 1988 ) - - a conflict that gave Iran strong incentives for developing a robust chemical defense capability .	40	Defending
There are several unclassified allegations and reports that suggest Iran has developed an offensive CW program as well .	4	Statement
There are several unclassified allegations and reports that suggest Iran has developed an offensive CW program as well .	6	Statement
There are several unclassified allegations and reports that suggest Iran has developed an offensive CW program as well .	11	Cause_to_make_progress
Most of these claims can not be verified in open sources .	3	Statement
Most of these claims can not be verified in open sources .	7	Check
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .	9	Using
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .	11	Legality
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .	27	Legality
24 BILL : - and come up with a reason to go down .	6	Creating
There ' s some stuff that we could doin ' tonight .	1	Presence
8 RICH : ' Cause the - the schedule I just got over here - well , you know what it says .	21	Statement
8 RICH : ' Cause the - the schedule I just got over here - well , you know what it says .	11	Getting
28 BILL : Thanks a lot , Rich .	3	Judgment_communication
Although Iran ' s economy is not flourishing , unemployment is high and there is a low level of internal unrest concerning the restrictive nature of the Islamic government , ballistic missile and weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) development continue to receive very high commitments of financial and material resources - - and will likely do so for the foreseeable future .	43	Receiving
Today , it possesses the second largest ( behind the Democratic People ' s Republic of Korea - - DPRK ) ballistic missile force in the third world and is near to developing a space launch vehicle and medium - range and intercontinental ballistic missiles that could threaten Europe and the continental United States .	32	Cause_to_make_progress
Given a favorable set of circumstances , Iran could achieve a true nuclear weapons delivery capability within the next five years .	14	Sending
Given a favorable set of circumstances , Iran could achieve a true nuclear weapons delivery capability within the next five years .	9	Achieve
The development of ballistic missiles and long - range artillery rockets within Iran can be divided into three broad chronological stages : Pre - revolution ( 1977 - 1979 ) ; Post - revolution and the war with Iraq ( 1980 - 1988 ) ; and Post War ( 1989 - Present ) .	36	Hostile_encounter
These include , but are not limited to : Necessities of war and the short distance to Iraqi strategic targets .	11	Hostile_encounter
This project was focused on the development of a longer ranged ( 150 - 200 km ) and more heavily armed version of the Israeli Gabriel anti - ship missile ( not as sometimes reported with the development of a ballistic missile based upon Israeli Jericho surface - to - surface missile technology ) .	34	Statement
This project was focused on the development of a longer ranged ( 150 - 200 km ) and more heavily armed version of the Israeli Gabriel anti - ship missile ( not as sometimes reported with the development of a ballistic missile based upon Israeli Jericho surface - to - surface missile technology ) .	20	Bearing_arms
It is possible , however , that this subject was discussed , since General Toufanian apparently attended a test - launch of a Jericho missile .	10	Communication
Also discussed at these meetings was an Iranian interest in extending Project Flower to include a future submarine launched variant and Iranian concerns over missile and nuclear developments in India and Pakistan .	1	Communication
The following year , Iran made a down payment for Project Flower by providing Israel with $ 280 million worth of oil .	8	Commerce_pay
The following year , Iran made a down payment for Project Flower by providing Israel with $ 280 million worth of oil .	13	Supply
To support this project , a team of Iranian experts began construction of a missile assembly facility near Sirjan , in south central Iran , and a missile test range near Rafsanjan .	10	Process_start
To support this project , a team of Iranian experts began construction of a missile assembly facility near Sirjan , in south central Iran , and a missile test range near Rafsanjan .	11	Building
To support this project , a team of Iranian experts began construction of a missile assembly facility near Sirjan , in south central Iran , and a missile test range near Rafsanjan .	15	Building
To support this project , a team of Iranian experts began construction of a missile assembly facility near Sirjan , in south central Iran , and a missile test range near Rafsanjan .	28	Testing
During February 1979 , the Imperial Iranian regime of the Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi collapsed , and along with it died Project Flower .	20	Death
At the time of the Islamic fundamentalist revolution in 1979 , Iran had no long - range artillery rocket or ballistic missile capabilities to speak of .	7	Change_of_leadership
Thus began a see - saw race with Iraq for superiority in these weapons .	1	Process_start
This race would last throughout the eight - year - long war .	11	Hostile_encounter
Iran , however , lost both the ballistic missile race and arguably the war , which only served to reinforce its desire to possess and produce ballistic missiles .	25	Manufacturing
Iran , however , lost both the ballistic missile race and arguably the war , which only served to reinforce its desire to possess and produce ballistic missiles .	13	Hostile_encounter
The casualties caused by these attacks and the Iranian inability to respond in kind resulted in an effort to acquire long - range artillery rockets and ballistic missiles - - especially the Scud - B . Iran also established several indigenous ballistic missile and rocket programs .	2	Causation
The casualties caused by these attacks and the Iranian inability to respond in kind resulted in an effort to acquire long - range artillery rockets and ballistic missiles - - especially the Scud - B . Iran also established several indigenous ballistic missile and rocket programs .	5	Attack
The casualties caused by these attacks and the Iranian inability to respond in kind resulted in an effort to acquire long - range artillery rockets and ballistic missiles - - especially the Scud - B . Iran also established several indigenous ballistic missile and rocket programs .	11	Response
The casualties caused by these attacks and the Iranian inability to respond in kind resulted in an effort to acquire long - range artillery rockets and ballistic missiles - - especially the Scud - B . Iran also established several indigenous ballistic missile and rocket programs .	19	Getting
The casualties caused by these attacks and the Iranian inability to respond in kind resulted in an effort to acquire long - range artillery rockets and ballistic missiles - - especially the Scud - B . Iran also established several indigenous ballistic missile and rocket programs .	38	Creating
The Soviet Union was then supplying Iraq with the Scud - B and those countries to which the Soviets had previously sold Scud - Bs were under contract not to transfer them to third parties .	5	Supply
The Soviet Union was then supplying Iraq with the Scud - B and those countries to which the Soviets had previously sold Scud - Bs were under contract not to transfer them to third parties .	21	Commerce_sell
The Soviet Union was then supplying Iraq with the Scud - B and those countries to which the Soviets had previously sold Scud - Bs were under contract not to transfer them to third parties .	30	Sending
Sometime during 1984 , Iran successfully concluded a secret agreement with Libya for the purchase of a small number of MAZ - 543P transporter - erector launchers ( TELs ) and Scud - B missiles .	14	Commerce_buy
By the end of 1982 , there appears to have been four major components - - indigenous design and production of crude artillery rockets , the indigenous design and production of a artillery rocket comparable to the FROG - 7A , the acquisition of Scud - B missiles , and the reverse engineering and production of the Scud - B . The greatest obstacle to developing any indigenous capabilities was the status of the Ministry of Defense ' s Defense Industries Organization ( DIO ) , and later Islamic Revolution Guard Corps ( IRGC ) Construction Jihad , industrial infrastructure .	17	Creating
By the end of 1982 , there appears to have been four major components - - indigenous design and production of crude artillery rockets , the indigenous design and production of a artillery rocket comparable to the FROG - 7A , the acquisition of Scud - B missiles , and the reverse engineering and production of the Scud - B . The greatest obstacle to developing any indigenous capabilities was the status of the Ministry of Defense ' s Defense Industries Organization ( DIO ) , and later Islamic Revolution Guard Corps ( IRGC ) Construction Jihad , industrial infrastructure .	19	Manufacturing
By the end of 1982 , there appears to have been four major components - - indigenous design and production of crude artillery rockets , the indigenous design and production of a artillery rocket comparable to the FROG - 7A , the acquisition of Scud - B missiles , and the reverse engineering and production of the Scud - B . The greatest obstacle to developing any indigenous capabilities was the status of the Ministry of Defense ' s Defense Industries Organization ( DIO ) , and later Islamic Revolution Guard Corps ( IRGC ) Construction Jihad , industrial infrastructure .	42	Getting
By the end of 1982 , there appears to have been four major components - - indigenous design and production of crude artillery rockets , the indigenous design and production of a artillery rocket comparable to the FROG - 7A , the acquisition of Scud - B missiles , and the reverse engineering and production of the Scud - B . The greatest obstacle to developing any indigenous capabilities was the status of the Ministry of Defense ' s Defense Industries Organization ( DIO ) , and later Islamic Revolution Guard Corps ( IRGC ) Construction Jihad , industrial infrastructure .	65	Cause_to_make_progress
By the end of 1982 , there appears to have been four major components - - indigenous design and production of crude artillery rockets , the indigenous design and production of a artillery rocket comparable to the FROG - 7A , the acquisition of Scud - B missiles , and the reverse engineering and production of the Scud - B . The greatest obstacle to developing any indigenous capabilities was the status of the Ministry of Defense ' s Defense Industries Organization ( DIO ) , and later Islamic Revolution Guard Corps ( IRGC ) Construction Jihad , industrial infrastructure .	2	Process_end
At that time , neither country possessed a system of the type requested by Iran .	12	Request
As a result of a cease - fire agreement in early June , the first ` ` War of the Cities ' ' came to an end and neither side is reported to have launched any missiles for the remainder of the year .	26	Process_end
As a result of a cease - fire agreement in early June , the first ` ` War of the Cities ' ' came to an end and neither side is reported to have launched any missiles for the remainder of the year .	31	Statement
In both countries , Hashemi - Rafsanjani secured increased military assistance and agreements to sell Iranian missiles and engage in bilateral missile technology exchanges .	7	Getting
In both countries , Hashemi - Rafsanjani secured increased military assistance and agreements to sell Iranian missiles and engage in bilateral missile technology exchanges .	10	Assistance
In both countries , Hashemi - Rafsanjani secured increased military assistance and agreements to sell Iranian missiles and engage in bilateral missile technology exchanges .	14	Commerce_sell
In both countries , Hashemi - Rafsanjani secured increased military assistance and agreements to sell Iranian missiles and engage in bilateral missile technology exchanges .	23	Exchange
The continued delivery of HN - 5A and HQ - 1 / 2 SAMs .	2	Sending
Technology transfer and long - term assistance in the development of Iranian ballistic missiles and artillery rockets .	1	Sending
Technology transfer and long - term assistance in the development of Iranian ballistic missiles and artillery rockets .	6	Assistance
The visit to the DPRK was equally fruitful , and he secured DPRK assistance in the following missile - related areas : The delivery of HN - 5A SAMs and assistance in establishing an assembly facility for these and the HQ - 1 / 2 SAMs .	1	Arriving
The visit to the DPRK was equally fruitful , and he secured DPRK assistance in the following missile - related areas : The delivery of HN - 5A SAMs and assistance in establishing an assembly facility for these and the HQ - 1 / 2 SAMs .	11	Getting
The visit to the DPRK was equally fruitful , and he secured DPRK assistance in the following missile - related areas : The delivery of HN - 5A SAMs and assistance in establishing an assembly facility for these and the HQ - 1 / 2 SAMs .	13	Assistance
The visit to the DPRK was equally fruitful , and he secured DPRK assistance in the following missile - related areas : The delivery of HN - 5A SAMs and assistance in establishing an assembly facility for these and the HQ - 1 / 2 SAMs .	23	Sending
The visit to the DPRK was equally fruitful , and he secured DPRK assistance in the following missile - related areas : The delivery of HN - 5A SAMs and assistance in establishing an assembly facility for these and the HQ - 1 / 2 SAMs .	32	Creating
Beginning in June 1986 , Iran initiated isolated Scud - B attacks against Baghdad and Kirkuk .	11	Attack
Beginning in June 1986 , Iran initiated isolated Scud - B attacks against Baghdad and Kirkuk .	6	Process_start
Beginning in June 1986 , Iran initiated isolated Scud - B attacks against Baghdad and Kirkuk .	0	Process_start
The agreement called for the supply of Hwasong - 5 missiles , TELs , and HY - 1 silkworm coastal defense missiles , and assistance in establishing first an assembly and then production capability for the Hwasong - 5 in Iran .	5	Supply
The agreement called for the supply of Hwasong - 5 missiles , TELs , and HY - 1 silkworm coastal defense missiles , and assistance in establishing first an assembly and then production capability for the Hwasong - 5 in Iran .	24	Assistance
The agreement called for the supply of Hwasong - 5 missiles , TELs , and HY - 1 silkworm coastal defense missiles , and assistance in establishing first an assembly and then production capability for the Hwasong - 5 in Iran .	26	Creating
The agreement called for the supply of Hwasong - 5 missiles , TELs , and HY - 1 silkworm coastal defense missiles , and assistance in establishing first an assembly and then production capability for the Hwasong - 5 in Iran .	29	Building
The agreement called for the supply of Hwasong - 5 missiles , TELs , and HY - 1 silkworm coastal defense missiles , and assistance in establishing first an assembly and then production capability for the Hwasong - 5 in Iran .	32	Manufacturing
In 1987 , the Missile Unit of the IRGC Air Force fired 18 Shehab - 1 missiles , increasing to 40 the total number launched against Iraq to date .	18	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
This probably depleted their inventory of missiles obtained from Libya and Syria .	7	Getting
In 1988 , Colonel Rahimi , First Deputy Minister of Defense , stated ` ` . . . We have also succeeded in manufacturing missiles with a range of 320km . ' '	12	Statement
In 1988 , Colonel Rahimi , First Deputy Minister of Defense , stated ` ` . . . We have also succeeded in manufacturing missiles with a range of 320km . ' '	23	Manufacturing
This attack was in response to a major air attack on an oil refinery in Tehran two days earlier .	1	Attack
This attack was in response to a major air attack on an oil refinery in Tehran two days earlier .	4	Response
The Iranians tacitly agreed and the War of the Cities was over .	11	Process_end
On 8 August 1988 , after eight years of bitter fighting and tens of thousands of casualties , the Iran - Iraq war came to a formal end .	10	Hostile_encounter
On 8 August 1988 , after eight years of bitter fighting and tens of thousands of casualties , the Iran - Iraq war came to a formal end .	22	Hostile_encounter
On 8 August 1988 , after eight years of bitter fighting and tens of thousands of casualties , the Iran - Iraq war came to a formal end .	27	Process_end
Iran had not only been defeated on the battlefield , it had , more significantly , been defeated at home .	6	Connect
This effort has relied heavily upon PRC assistance .	7	Assistance
Sometime during 1988 , it is believed that the PRC agreed to assist Iran modernize and expand its facilities at Parchin and Semnan to enable the design and manufacture of solid fuel artillery rockets and missiles of indigenous design .	12	Assistance
Sometime during 1988 , it is believed that the PRC agreed to assist Iran modernize and expand its facilities at Parchin and Semnan to enable the design and manufacture of solid fuel artillery rockets and missiles of indigenous design .	16	Expansion
Sometime during 1988 , it is believed that the PRC agreed to assist Iran modernize and expand its facilities at Parchin and Semnan to enable the design and manufacture of solid fuel artillery rockets and missiles of indigenous design .	26	Creating
Sometime during 1988 , it is believed that the PRC agreed to assist Iran modernize and expand its facilities at Parchin and Semnan to enable the design and manufacture of solid fuel artillery rockets and missiles of indigenous design .	28	Manufacturing
Initially it was believed that these facilities would eventually assemble and then produce the M - 9 / DF - 15 and M - 11 / DF - 11 .	12	Manufacturing
Initially it was believed that these facilities would eventually assemble and then produce the M - 9 / DF - 15 and M - 11 / DF - 11 .	9	Creating
As part of this effort , agreements were reportedly concluded between Iran and the PRC during 1991 , 1992 , and 1993 to provide Iran with technology , components , and complete M - 9 / 11 missiles .	23	Supply
Available information suggests that , with the exception of possibly one - two prototypes , the PRC has not delivered complete M - 9 / 11 missiles to Iran .	19	Sending
As a result of these agreements , the PRC refocused its efforts on assisting Iran with its indigenous short - range solid fuel systems .	13	Assistance
This assistance has included the sale of production and missile component technologies , training of personnel , construction of the Shahrud Missile Test Facility , and the assembly and production of the M - 7 ( a . k . a . , CSS - 8 , 8610 or B610 ) .	1	Assistance
This assistance has included the sale of production and missile component technologies , training of personnel , construction of the Shahrud Missile Test Facility , and the assembly and production of the M - 7 ( a . k . a . , CSS - 8 , 8610 or B610 ) .	5	Commerce_sell
This assistance has included the sale of production and missile component technologies , training of personnel , construction of the Shahrud Missile Test Facility , and the assembly and production of the M - 7 ( a . k . a . , CSS - 8 , 8610 or B610 ) .	7	Manufacturing
This assistance has included the sale of production and missile component technologies , training of personnel , construction of the Shahrud Missile Test Facility , and the assembly and production of the M - 7 ( a . k . a . , CSS - 8 , 8610 or B610 ) .	13	Education_teaching
This assistance has included the sale of production and missile component technologies , training of personnel , construction of the Shahrud Missile Test Facility , and the assembly and production of the M - 7 ( a . k . a . , CSS - 8 , 8610 or B610 ) .	17	Building
During the war , Iran ' s liquid fuel program had initially focused upon the production of a reverse - engineered Scud - Bs .	2	Hostile_encounter
During the war , Iran ' s liquid fuel program had initially focused upon the production of a reverse - engineered Scud - Bs .	15	Manufacturing
During mid - 2001 , Iran is reported to have initiated a comprehensive review and reorganization of its diverse rocket and missile development programs .	7	Statement
This effort is believed to have been initiated in an effort to prioritize and rationalize the entire development and production infrastructure and reduce costs .	19	Manufacturing
This effort is believed to have been initiated in an effort to prioritize and rationalize the entire development and production infrastructure and reduce costs .	22	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
This effort is believed to have been initiated in an effort to prioritize and rationalize the entire development and production infrastructure and reduce costs .	23	Cost
Other sources suggest that while Iran is receiving assistance from both the PRC and DPRK with their missile programs , the two countries are working independently , but in coordination .	2	Statement
Other sources suggest that while Iran is receiving assistance from both the PRC and DPRK with their missile programs , the two countries are working independently , but in coordination .	7	Receiving
Other sources suggest that while Iran is receiving assistance from both the PRC and DPRK with their missile programs , the two countries are working independently , but in coordination .	8	Assistance
While the level of assistance provided by Russian entities since the early 1990s is significant , it is presently unclear as to the level of cooperation and coordination among the various Russian , PRC , and DPRK entities within Iran .	4	Assistance
While the level of assistance provided by Russian entities since the early 1990s is significant , it is presently unclear as to the level of cooperation and coordination among the various Russian , PRC , and DPRK entities within Iran .	25	Collaboration
While the level of assistance provided by Russian entities since the early 1990s is significant , it is presently unclear as to the level of cooperation and coordination among the various Russian , PRC , and DPRK entities within Iran .	5	Supply
Iran ' s post - war missile programs have also benefited at times from bilateral cooperation with Pakistan and the acquisition of production hardware , non - restricted components , and restricted components from the former Soviet Union ( e . g . , Belarus , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , and Uzbekistan ) and European countries .	5	Hostile_encounter
Iran ' s post - war missile programs have also benefited at times from bilateral cooperation with Pakistan and the acquisition of production hardware , non - restricted components , and restricted components from the former Soviet Union ( e . g . , Belarus , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , and Uzbekistan ) and European countries .	15	Collaboration
Iran ' s post - war missile programs have also benefited at times from bilateral cooperation with Pakistan and the acquisition of production hardware , non - restricted components , and restricted components from the former Soviet Union ( e . g . , Belarus , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , and Uzbekistan ) and European countries .	20	Getting
Iran ' s post - war missile programs have also benefited at times from bilateral cooperation with Pakistan and the acquisition of production hardware , non - restricted components , and restricted components from the former Soviet Union ( e . g . , Belarus , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , and Uzbekistan ) and European countries .	22	Manufacturing
These personnel have the potential to bring back a tremendous wealth of technical expertise and experience .	6	Bringing
By 2000 , Iran ' s ballistic missile effort would become the ` ` . . . the largest in the Middle East . . . ' ' and would rival that of the DPRK in size and scope .	10	Becoming
Iranian Defense and Foreign Ministry officials continue to defend Iran ' s right to protect itself from potential threats in the region , while denying any ill intent towards countries such as the United States .	18	Commitment
As of early September 2004 , Iran was cited as testing its Shehab - 3 missile for a second time , further proving its persistence to test and develop its extended range missile capabilities .	8	Judgment_communication
As of early September 2004 , Iran was cited as testing its Shehab - 3 missile for a second time , further proving its persistence to test and develop its extended range missile capabilities .	10	Testing
As of early September 2004 , Iran was cited as testing its Shehab - 3 missile for a second time , further proving its persistence to test and develop its extended range missile capabilities .	26	Testing
As of early September 2004 , Iran was cited as testing its Shehab - 3 missile for a second time , further proving its persistence to test and develop its extended range missile capabilities .	28	Cause_to_make_progress
US officials ' growing concerns about Iran ' s pursuit of weapons of mass destruction capabilities were heightened by the latest test of the Shehab - 3 on October 20 .	21	Testing
This test occurred just days before a meeting was to take place between Iran and European officials to discuss Iran ' s nuclear program .	1	Testing
This test occurred just days before a meeting was to take place between Iran and European officials to discuss Iran ' s nuclear program .	7	Communication
This test occurred just days before a meeting was to take place between Iran and European officials to discuss Iran ' s nuclear program .	18	Communication
The test appeared to be Iran ' s message to the international community that it can not and will not be bullied .	1	Testing
Iran currently possesses the capability to employ ballistic missiles and / or long - range artillery rockets against its regional neighbors , Israel and US forces deployed in the region .	6	Using
Iran currently possesses the capability to employ ballistic missiles and / or long - range artillery rockets against its regional neighbors , Israel and US forces deployed in the region .	26	Arranging
A true nuclear weapons delivery capability could be obtained within the next five years .	4	Sending
A true nuclear weapons delivery capability could be obtained within the next five years .	8	Getting
Each brigade is believed to have an operational test and evaluation responsibility for its respective missile systems .	8	Testing
There may also exist a small number of independent Shehab - 2 or - 3 units of battalion size .	3	Presence
There are also an unknown number of long - range artillery rocket units , some perhaps of brigade size .	1	Presence
US - led Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom - - while first reducing and then eliminating the military threat from Iraq - - have also crystallized within the Iranian military and political leadership the concepts on ballistic and cruise missiles and long - range artillery rockets : they are essential tools on the modern battlefield ; key elements in regional power status and prestige ; and essential to deter Israel and the United States from aggressive actions against Iran .	13	Cause_change_of_position_on_a_scale
US - led Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom - - while first reducing and then eliminating the military threat from Iraq - - have also crystallized within the Iranian military and political leadership the concepts on ballistic and cruise missiles and long - range artillery rockets : they are essential tools on the modern battlefield ; key elements in regional power status and prestige ; and essential to deter Israel and the United States from aggressive actions against Iran .	16	Removing
US - led Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom - - while first reducing and then eliminating the military threat from Iraq - - have also crystallized within the Iranian military and political leadership the concepts on ballistic and cruise missiles and long - range artillery rockets : they are essential tools on the modern battlefield ; key elements in regional power status and prestige ; and essential to deter Israel and the United States from aggressive actions against Iran .	77	Action
Primary among these are : The continued willingness of the Democratic People ' s Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , the People ' s Republic of China ( PRC ) , and Russia to provide Iran with both missiles and missile - related technology that at the very least exceed the intentions of the Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) .	35	Supply
The missile site in Tehran appears to be a network of related facilities , apparently located at Fajr Air Base , east of Tehran .	15	Placing
There also appears to be a Chinese - built ballistic missile test range as part of the facilities in Tehran .	8	Building
In addition , it is probable that there is a facility that researches , develops and produces Chinese C - 802 Saccade missiles .	12	Research
In addition , it is probable that there is a facility that researches , develops and produces Chinese C - 802 Saccade missiles .	14	Cause_to_make_progress
In addition , it is probable that there is a facility that researches , develops and produces Chinese C - 802 Saccade missiles .	16	Manufacturing
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .	10	Statement
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .	5	Supply
3 ) Republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a minimalist state , are less willing to engage in local benefit - seeking than are Democratic members of Congress .	19	Action
3 ) Republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a minimalist state , are less willing to engage in local benefit - seeking than are Democratic members of Congress .	7	Causation
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from ` ` bringing home the bacon ' ' to their respective constituencies .	2	Placing
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from ` ` bringing home the bacon ' ' to their respective constituencies .	12	Getting
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from ` ` bringing home the bacon ' ' to their respective constituencies .	28	Preventing_or_letting
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from ` ` bringing home the bacon ' ' to their respective constituencies .	34	Bringing
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from ` ` bringing home the bacon ' ' to their respective constituencies .	21	Choosing
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter ' s particular district / state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts / states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .	29	Preventing_or_letting
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter ' s particular district / state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts / states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .	38	Bringing
First , why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century : Prior to the election of Franklin Roosevelt as president and the advent of the New Deal , government occupied a much smaller role in society and the prisoner ' s dilemma problem confronting voters in races for Congress was considerably less severe .	24	Change_of_leadership
Second , it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives : Any individual legislator ' s constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency .	44	Action
Second , it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives : Any individual legislator ' s constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency .	38	Cost
For example , first - term members of the House , once the most vulnerable of incumbents , have become virtually immune to defeat .	19	Becoming
The one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 13 of the 52 freshman Republicans brought into office in 1980 by the Reagan revolution and running for re - election in 1982 .	25	Change_of_leadership
The one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 13 of the 52 freshman Republicans brought into office in 1980 by the Reagan revolution and running for re - election in 1982 .	17	Bringing
Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis on their partisan role - - spreading the Reagan revolution - - in national policy making , they were more vulnerable to defeat .	22	Creating
Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis on their partisan role - - spreading the Reagan revolution - - in national policy making , they were more vulnerable to defeat .	0	Causation
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .	4	Influence
Is there any empirical support for this theory ?	0	Presence
First , economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find that GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do .	8	Know
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll - call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit - seeking .	35	Participation
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll - call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit - seeking .	32	Creating
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll - call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit - seeking .	39	Removing
An additional piece of evidence from the Senate : Holding other factors constant , such as incumbency advantages and regional factors , the difference between popular votes for Republican presidential and senatorial candidates in states conducting a Senate election turns out to be a positive function of how onerous the federal government ' s tax burden is per state ( a progressive tax rate hits higher - income states harder ) .	38	Change_of_leadership
Mr . Zupan teaches at the University of Southern California ' s business school .	3	Education_teaching
U . S . Congressman Tony Hall arrived here Sunday evening , becoming the first U . S . lawmaker to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War .	7	Arriving
U . S . Congressman Tony Hall arrived here Sunday evening , becoming the first U . S . lawmaker to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War .	21	Arriving
U . S . Congressman Tony Hall arrived here Sunday evening , becoming the first U . S . lawmaker to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War .	12	Becoming
U . S . Congressman Tony Hall arrived here Sunday evening , becoming the first U . S . lawmaker to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf War .	27	Hostile_encounter
He also said that his visit will mainly focus on the humanitarian situation of Iraq , which has been under crippling U . N . sanctions since its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , the primacord of the 1991 Gulf War .	2	Statement
He also said that his visit will mainly focus on the humanitarian situation of Iraq , which has been under crippling U . N . sanctions since its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , the primacord of the 1991 Gulf War .	5	Arriving
He also said that his visit will mainly focus on the humanitarian situation of Iraq , which has been under crippling U . N . sanctions since its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , the primacord of the 1991 Gulf War .	39	Hostile_encounter
He also said that his visit will mainly focus on the humanitarian situation of Iraq , which has been under crippling U . N . sanctions since its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , the primacord of the 1991 Gulf War .	25	Revenge
` ` The visit is not a political visit , it is a visit of humanitarian concerns , ' ' he added .	3	Arriving
` ` The visit is not a political visit , it is a visit of humanitarian concerns , ' ' he added .	21	Statement
` ` There are a lot of issues I want to take a look at , but the issue of humanitarian concerns is number one , ' ' he said .	3	Presence
` ` There are a lot of issues I want to take a look at , but the issue of humanitarian concerns is number one , ' ' he said .	13	Perception_active
` ` There are a lot of issues I want to take a look at , but the issue of humanitarian concerns is number one , ' ' he said .	29	Statement
My concern is with the Red Cross , the ( Iraqi ) Red Crescent , to see what they have to show me , to see with my own eyes and make up my own mind . ' '	21	Protest
Iraq has accused the U . S . , which vehemently opposes the lifting of the sanctions against Iraq , of using the sanctions as a tool to contain the Iraqi regime headed by President Saddam Hussein .	13	Process_end
Iraq has accused the U . S . , which vehemently opposes the lifting of the sanctions against Iraq , of using the sanctions as a tool to contain the Iraqi regime headed by President Saddam Hussein .	16	Revenge
Iraq has accused the U . S . , which vehemently opposes the lifting of the sanctions against Iraq , of using the sanctions as a tool to contain the Iraqi regime headed by President Saddam Hussein .	21	Using
Iraq has accused the U . S . , which vehemently opposes the lifting of the sanctions against Iraq , of using the sanctions as a tool to contain the Iraqi regime headed by President Saddam Hussein .	28	Containing
Iraq has accused the U . S . , which vehemently opposes the lifting of the sanctions against Iraq , of using the sanctions as a tool to contain the Iraqi regime headed by President Saddam Hussein .	2	Judgment_communication
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U . S . companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage .	1	Theft
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U . S . companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage .	22	Competition
It ` ` may well be ' ' that theft of business data is ` ` as serious a strategic threat to national security ' ' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U . S . firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House ' s assistant director for National Security Affairs .	9	Theft
It ` ` may well be ' ' that theft of business data is ` ` as serious a strategic threat to national security ' ' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U . S . firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House ' s assistant director for National Security Affairs .	42	Statement
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry - government trade group .	1	Communication
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry - government trade group .	29	Exchange
The only way to catch an electronic thief , he said , is to set him up with erroneous information .	7	Theft
The only way to catch an electronic thief , he said , is to set him up with erroneous information .	10	Statement
Even though electronic espionage may cost U . S . firms billions of dollars a year , most are n ' t yet taking precautions , the experts said .	28	Statement
Already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own cryptographers , conference speakers reported .	13	Communication
Already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own cryptographers , conference speakers reported .	15	Statement
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n ' t be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer - maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies .	4	Employment
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n ' t be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer - maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies .	11	Statement
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n ' t be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer - maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies .	25	Statement
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n ' t be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer - maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies .	28	Arriving
W . Mark Goode , president of Micronyx Inc . , a Richardson , Texas , firm that makes computer - security products , provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev ' s campaign for greater openness , known commonly as glasnost .	18	Manufacturing
W . Mark Goode , president of Micronyx Inc . , a Richardson , Texas , firm that makes computer - security products , provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev ' s campaign for greater openness , known commonly as glasnost .	24	Supply
He knew he had made a bad mistake , but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life , he just did n ' t count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path .	4	Creating
He knew he had made a bad mistake , but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life , he just did n ' t count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path .	12	Commitment
He knew he had made a bad mistake , but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life , he just did n ' t count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path .	31	Motion
He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps until he could find a job and a place to live .	1	Motion
He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps until he could find a job and a place to live .	15	Employment
Jerry ' s Goodwill caseworker found him a job immediately .	8	Employment
But Jerry ' s troubles did n ' t end there .	9	Process_end
The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .	2	Building
The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .	3	Employment
The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .	5	Getting
The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .	7	Process_end
The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .	11	Arriving
The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .	16	Assistance
With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana , many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment .	17	Confronting_problem
With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana , many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment .	21	Employment
Of the more than 42 , 000 people Goodwill served in 1999 , over 5 , 000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job .	9	Assistance
Of the more than 42 , 000 people Goodwill served in 1999 , over 5 , 000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job .	27	Employment
For as long as he needs it , Goodwill will continue to help .	12	Assistance
That message and all subsequent attempts to contact the flight were not acknowledged .	12	Communication
At 8 : 41 , in American ' s operations center , a colleague told Marquis that the air traffic controllers declared Flight 11 a hijacking and ` ` think he ' s [ American 11 ] headed toward Kennedy [ airport in New York City ] .	21	Statement
The eyewitness accounts came from calls made from the rear of the plane , from passengers originally seated further forward in the cabin , a sign that passengers and perhaps crew had been moved to the back of the aircraft .	5	Communication
While it apparently was not heard by the passengers , this announcement , like those on Flight 11 and Flight 77 , was intended to deceive them .	11	Statement
By 10 : 03 , when United 93 crashed in Pennsylvania , there had been no mention of its hijacking and the FAA had not yet been added to the teleconference .	16	Statement
Los Angeles wildfires are nearly contained	2	Emergency
In terms of property damage , this fire is the worst since the Bel Air fire in 1961 .	4	Damaging
In Montecito , a census - designated place in Santa Barbara County , the homes of many celebrities , including Steven Spielberg , Steve Martin , Eric Schmidt , and Rob Lowe , have been destroyed .	35	Destroying
Santa Ana winds with gusts up to 70 mph exacerbated the Montecito fire , which destroyed over 100 buildings and damaged many others , including Westmont College .	15	Destroying
Santa Ana winds with gusts up to 70 mph exacerbated the Montecito fire , which destroyed over 100 buildings and damaged many others , including Westmont College .	20	Damaging
The college ' s 1000 students were forced to take shelter in the gymnasium .	5	Education_teaching
The college ' s 1000 students were forced to take shelter in the gymnasium .	7	Causation
Officials now report that firefighters are making some progress .	2	Statement
Officials have lifted the evacuation order for Chino Hills as well .	2	Process_end
Officials have lifted the evacuation order for Chino Hills as well .	4	Removing
North Korea established a nuclear energy research complex at Yongbyon in 1964 and set up a Soviet research reactor at the site in mid - 2002 .	6	Research
North Korea established a nuclear energy research complex at Yongbyon in 1964 and set up a Soviet research reactor at the site in mid - 2002 .	2	Creating
North Korea established a nuclear energy research complex at Yongbyon in 1964 and set up a Soviet research reactor at the site in mid - 2002 .	13	Creating
North Korea signed the Treaty on the Non - Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1985 but did not submit to International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspections until May 1992 .	2	Sign_agreement
North Korea signed the Treaty on the Non - Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1985 but did not submit to International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspections until May 1992 .	30	Scrutiny
Discrepancies between North Korean declarations and IAEA inspection findings indicate that North Korea might have reprocessed enough plutonium for one or two nuclear weapons .	4	Statement
Discrepancies between North Korean declarations and IAEA inspection findings indicate that North Korea might have reprocessed enough plutonium for one or two nuclear weapons .	7	Scrutiny
According to a December 2001 National Intelligence Council report , the U . S . intelligence community ascertained in the mid - 1990s that North Korea had produced one , possibly two , nuclear weapons .	17	Coming_to_believe
According to a December 2001 National Intelligence Council report , the U . S . intelligence community ascertained in the mid - 1990s that North Korea had produced one , possibly two , nuclear weapons .	27	Manufacturing
On 10 January 2003 , North Korea declared its withdrawal from the NPT .	7	Statement
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the ` ` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula ' ' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of ` ` violations by the United States ' ' [ Note : the U . S was not a signatory ] .	7	Statement
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the ` ` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula ' ' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of ` ` violations by the United States ' ' [ Note : the U . S was not a signatory ] .	52	Sign_agreement
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the ` ` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula ' ' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of ` ` violations by the United States ' ' [ Note : the U . S was not a signatory ] .	43	Know
In April 2003 , Egyptian customs officials intercepted 22 tons of aluminum tubing from Germany that would likely have been used for a pilot cascade of about 100 - 200 gas centrifuges , which indicates North Korea is probably not yet ready to begin operation of a large - scale plant .	20	Using
In April 2003 , Egyptian customs officials intercepted 22 tons of aluminum tubing from Germany that would likely have been used for a pilot cascade of about 100 - 200 gas centrifuges , which indicates North Korea is probably not yet ready to begin operation of a large - scale plant .	44	Using
In April 2003 , Egyptian customs officials intercepted 22 tons of aluminum tubing from Germany that would likely have been used for a pilot cascade of about 100 - 200 gas centrifuges , which indicates North Korea is probably not yet ready to begin operation of a large - scale plant .	43	Process_start
In April 2003 , Egyptian customs officials intercepted 22 tons of aluminum tubing from Germany that would likely have been used for a pilot cascade of about 100 - 200 gas centrifuges , which indicates North Korea is probably not yet ready to begin operation of a large - scale plant .	41	GetReady
Since April 2003 , multilateral talks have been held in Beijing to resolve the nuclear crisis .	5	Communication
Since April 2003 , multilateral talks have been held in Beijing to resolve the nuclear crisis .	12	Resolve_problem
All parties have agreed that they seek a non - nuclear Korean peninsula , but it remains unclear how this objective will be achieved .	23	Achieve
During 19 - 21 April 2004 , North Korean National Defense Commission Chairman Kim Jong Il visited China and reportedly told Chinese President Hu Jintao that ` ` the DRPK side will continue to adopt a patient and flexible manner and actively participate in the six - party talks process , and make its own contributions to the progress of the talks . ' '	48	Communication
During 19 - 21 April 2004 , North Korean National Defense Commission Chairman Kim Jong Il visited China and reportedly told Chinese President Hu Jintao that ` ` the DRPK side will continue to adopt a patient and flexible manner and actively participate in the six - party talks process , and make its own contributions to the progress of the talks . ' '	42	Participation
During 19 - 21 April 2004 , North Korean National Defense Commission Chairman Kim Jong Il visited China and reportedly told Chinese President Hu Jintao that ` ` the DRPK side will continue to adopt a patient and flexible manner and actively participate in the six - party talks process , and make its own contributions to the progress of the talks . ' '	20	Telling
During 19 - 21 April 2004 , North Korean National Defense Commission Chairman Kim Jong Il visited China and reportedly told Chinese President Hu Jintao that ` ` the DRPK side will continue to adopt a patient and flexible manner and actively participate in the six - party talks process , and make its own contributions to the progress of the talks . ' '	16	Arriving
During 19 - 21 April 2004 , North Korean National Defense Commission Chairman Kim Jong Il visited China and reportedly told Chinese President Hu Jintao that ` ` the DRPK side will continue to adopt a patient and flexible manner and actively participate in the six - party talks process , and make its own contributions to the progress of the talks . ' '	55	Giving
The United States is insisting on the ` ` complete , verifiable and irreversible dismantlement ( CVID ) ) ' ' of the North Korean nuclear program before addressing North Korean security and economic concerns .	4	Statement
The United States is insisting on the ` ` complete , verifiable and irreversible dismantlement ( CVID ) ) ' ' of the North Korean nuclear program before addressing North Korean security and economic concerns .	14	Destroying
The United States is insisting on the ` ` complete , verifiable and irreversible dismantlement ( CVID ) ) ' ' of the North Korean nuclear program before addressing North Korean security and economic concerns .	9	Process_end
The United States is insisting on the ` ` complete , verifiable and irreversible dismantlement ( CVID ) ) ' ' of the North Korean nuclear program before addressing North Korean security and economic concerns .	11	Check
Although Pyongyang acceded to the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention ( BWC ) in 1970s , North Korea is suspected of having a biological weapon ( BW ) program .	2	Sign_agreement
To date , North Korea has likely developed and produced anthrax bacteria , botulinum toxin , and plague bacteria .	9	Manufacturing
To date , North Korea has likely developed and produced anthrax bacteria , botulinum toxin , and plague bacteria .	7	Cause_to_make_progress
North Korea ' s chemical weapon ( CW ) production capability is estimated to be about 4 , 500 tons per year , though this could increase to 12 , 000 tons per year in case of war .	9	Manufacturing
North Korea ' s chemical weapon ( CW ) production capability is estimated to be about 4 , 500 tons per year , though this could increase to 12 , 000 tons per year in case of war .	37	Hostile_encounter
North Korea also has placed thousands of artillery systems - - including multiple launch rocket systems that are particularly effective for CW delivery - - within reach of the Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) and Seoul .	4	Placing
North Korea also has placed thousands of artillery systems - - including multiple launch rocket systems that are particularly effective for CW delivery - - within reach of the Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) and Seoul .	22	Sending
Pyongyang has not signed the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) .	3	Sign_agreement
In August 1998 , North Korea flight - tested the Paektusan - 1 ( Taepodong - 1 ) in a failed attempt to place a small satellite into earth orbit .	23	Placing
In August 1998 , North Korea flight - tested the Paektusan - 1 ( Taepodong - 1 ) in a failed attempt to place a small satellite into earth orbit .	6	Testing
In December 2002 , Spanish and American naval forces intercepted a North Korean ship loaded with Scud missiles , but then allowed the ship to proceed to deliver the missiles to Yemen .	14	Filling
In December 2002 , Spanish and American naval forces intercepted a North Korean ship loaded with Scud missiles , but then allowed the ship to proceed to deliver the missiles to Yemen .	21	Preventing_or_letting
In December 2002 , Spanish and American naval forces intercepted a North Korean ship loaded with Scud missiles , but then allowed the ship to proceed to deliver the missiles to Yemen .	27	Sending
In late January 2004 , North Korea and Nigeria reportedly agreed to a missile deal , but Nigeria backed out of the agreement in early February under U . S . pressure .	31	Convincing
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country ' s capabilities .	11	Creating
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country ' s capabilities .	2	Scrutiny
Nuclear weapons programs require specialized materials , facilities , equipment , and training in order to produce the raw material for weapons - - either highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) or plutonium - - and then to fabricate explosive devices using this fissile material .	12	Education_teaching
Nuclear weapons programs require specialized materials , facilities , equipment , and training in order to produce the raw material for weapons - - either highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) or plutonium - - and then to fabricate explosive devices using this fissile material .	16	Manufacturing
Nuclear weapons programs require specialized materials , facilities , equipment , and training in order to produce the raw material for weapons - - either highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) or plutonium - - and then to fabricate explosive devices using this fissile material .	38	Manufacturing
Nuclear weapons programs require specialized materials , facilities , equipment , and training in order to produce the raw material for weapons - - either highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) or plutonium - - and then to fabricate explosive devices using this fissile material .	41	Using
However , all countries known to have successfully acquired nuclear weapons have done so primarily on the basis of indigenously produced fissile material .	8	Getting
However , all countries known to have successfully acquired nuclear weapons have done so primarily on the basis of indigenously produced fissile material .	12	Action
However , all countries known to have successfully acquired nuclear weapons have done so primarily on the basis of indigenously produced fissile material .	20	Manufacturing
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .	5	Cause_to_make_progress
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .	5	Commerce_buy
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .	16	Using
In the case of North Korea , determining the status of its nuclear weapons program is especially difficult .	17	Confronting_problem
As an extremely isolated and secretive state , North Korea provides few signals of the existence - - let alone the extent - - of its nuclear weapons program .	15	Presence
As an extremely isolated and secretive state , North Korea provides few signals of the existence - - let alone the extent - - of its nuclear weapons program .	10	Supply
