-- A Baltimore prosecutor accused a police detective of “ sabotaging ” investigations related to the death of Freddie Gray , accusing him of fabricating notes to suggest that the state ’s medical examiner believed the manner of death was an accident rather than a homicide .	45	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The two Syrian women who we shall call Om Omran and Om Mohammad , which are not their real names , were willing to wear Expressen 's hidden cameras , which have been smuggled in .	33	movement.transportartifact.hide
Twelve months after that , he was found in Georgia , in the Lopota mountain valley following a battle between police and rebels which saw three policeman and 11 rebels killed .	18	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The images are the color of asphalt , and the writing on them looks like tiny pebbles , and they whiz by so fast , I begin to get actual car sickness .	31	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Since the S-400 deployment , the U.S. military has been careful about flying manned aircraft inside the range of the system , despite repeated pledges by the US military that its airstrikes in Syria are focused on ISIS , not the Assad regime .	24	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Armenian genocide dispute	1	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Fewer people would have died in the Holocaust if the world had accepted more Jewish refugees .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Otto Warmbier came back to the United States last week in a coma , after being imprisoned in North Korea for 17 months .	16	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
But if it ’s a binary choice , is there any reason to believe that Hillary Clinton , after Egypt , Libya , Syria , her failure to negotiate the status of forces agreement , her Russian reset , the fact that the Russian have every one of her emails for five years , if you believe Mike Morell , is there any reason to believe she would be different than President Obama ?	28	contact.discussion.meet
Savimbi briefly left a battle against Cuban assault forces and signed a $ 600,000 contract .	7	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump ’s foreign policy team is led by Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions and includes retired General J. Keith Kellogg , Walid Phares , George Papadopoulos , Carter Page , and Joseph E. Schmitz .	14	personnel.endposition.n/a
And The New York Times reported that then - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton played a role in approving the sale of a uranium company to Russia while the head of the company secretly donated more than $ 2 million to the Clinton Foundation .	34	transaction.transferownership.n/a
This week , a Dutch - led investigation concluded that the surface - to - air missile system used to shoot down a Malaysia Airlines civilian plane over Ukraine in 2014 came from Russia .	7	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
That morning , Clinton ’s aide Jacob Sullivan informed her that a document could not reach her via a secure fax .	20	contact.collaborate.n/a
" There was no ceasefire to begin with for us to say whether it failed or succeeded , " Riad Hijab , general coordinator of the High Negotiations Committee , told reporters .	4	government.agreements.violateagreement
Some large donors are foreigners with shadowy pasts , such as Lebanese businessman Gilbert Chagoury , who was denied entry to the U.S. last year because of suspicion of links to terrorism .	18	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The retired admiral said : " There are the only two fighters — MiG-29 K and Sukhoi-33 — in the world capable of operations from a Short Take - Off But Arrested Recovery , a system used for the launch and recovery of aircraft from the deck of an aircraft carrier like INS Vikramaditya .	1	personnel.endposition.n/a
Going hard for the fear vote , Clinton urged voters to cast a ballot “ as if your future depends on it — because it really does . ”	8	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Not only will Hillary defend abortion , but she wants these deaths fully reimbursed by taxpayers .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Both groups are now skirmishing as they close in on Aleppo .	4	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Americans for Tax Reform , an organization devoted to using the tax code to preserve and enhance the financial interests of the wealthy , packaged a leaked e - mail on gun regulation -- ATR leader Grover Norquist sits on the board of the National Rifle Association -- with a video that the group had unearthed of Clinton testifying on guns in 1993 .	58	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
His catch - and - release policy for illegal border - crossers , as well as his ban on deporting young aliens brought here by their illegal - immigrant parents , are imperial , antidemocratic edicts that might have sparked impeachment proceedings , had not Congress ’s silly move to impeach Bill Clinton for lying about his sex games with an intern tainted that weapon for years to come .	54	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Nothing was taken , but police have said attempted robbery is their leading theory for a motive , noting a spike in robberies in the neighborhood in the preceding weeks .	9	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
“ While at this morning ’s event , she became overheated and dehydrated .	12	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
9.Falsely said , “ Crooked Hillary was given the questions to a debate .	12	contact.negotiate.meet
“ As the son of a veteran , the father of four sons who have served in the military , and a veteran myself , I am deeply disappointed that our commander in chief would threaten to use a veto of the National Defense Authorization Act as a ‘ weapon ’ against Speaker Paul Ryan and congressional Republicans , ” he said in a statement .	35	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
By getting these sanctions in place and despite constant fear mongering and war cries from neo - Conservatives , Iran eventually did come to the negotiating table and the Obama administration was able to work out its historic Iran Deal in a case where diplomacy proved to be the correct course of action .	25	contact.negotiate.meet
“ The oath of allegiance is not an oath of secrecy , ” he told Bart Gellman .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
In March , an EgyptAir plane was hijacked and diverted to Cyprus .	7	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Donald Trump ’s real estate organization rented New York office space from 1998 to 2003 to an Iranian bank that U.S. authorities have linked to terrorist groups and Iran ’s nuclear program .	6	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
To clear the route for sanctions , Clinton helped sink agreements tentatively negotiated with Iran to ship most of its low - enriched uranium out of the country .	10	government.agreements.violateagreement
These efforts are potentially harmful , according to the APA , “ because they present the view that the sexual orientation of lesbian , gay and bisexual youth is a mental illness of disorder , and they often frame the inability to change one ’s sexual orientation as a personal and moral failure . ” Little wonder these therapies have been shown to provoke anxiety , depression and even suicide .	31	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Trump ’s selection of Manafort , the man who has made a career teaching dictators how to win elections , is a brazen statement about where Trump stands ideologically , and what he ’s willing to do to win .	17	personnel.elect.n/a
Seven of the eight email chains dealt with CIA drone strikes , which are classified top secret / special access program — unlike Defense Department drone strikes , which are unclassified .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Univision won the bidding auction for Gawker and will buy all seven of the company ’s media properties for $ 135 million .	4	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Anyone who visited the Ministry website after the hack first heard the intentionally loud , annoying , attention - demanding dial tone sound that plays just before American emergency broadcast civil alert messages .	29	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
She further advocated including both Ukraine and Georgia , which would turn their next confrontation with Moscow into a potential nuclear war involving America .	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Consideration of other alternatives , including the shipment of arms to U.S.-allied Kurdish forces in Syria , and an increase in the quantity and quality of weapons supplied to opposition fighters in Aleppo and elsewhere , were deferred until later , officials said .	7	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
One agency , the Independent Payment Advisory Board — the so - called death panel — is so democratically unaccountable that Congress can only abolish it by a three - fifths vote in both houses within a seven - month period next year .	24	government.legislate.legislate
" Or imagine an internet run like China or Russia that punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	13	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Russian soldiers I met who were still stationed there had one request : “ We want to go to America . ” This was just three years after your candidate chose to spend his honeymoon in the very Soviet Union that had inflicted such misery upon these hapless soliders of the imprisoned Eastern Block under the guise of a “ worker ’s paradise . ”	51	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Falsely said , “ Everybody had me winning the third debate . ” ( False .	10	contact.negotiate.n/a
According to an FSB source , the arrests made at the illegal prayer hall triggered a series of house raids , which helped uncover more explosives , handguns , grenades and ammo .	7	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Trump has said his “ number - one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran . ” The Republican platform says they do n’t recognize the agreement as binding .	28	government.agreements.n/a
The Daily Wire debunked this , as the FBI recently released a report showing that violent crime increased by 3.9 percent from 2014 to 2015 , including a 10.8 percent increase in murders , 5.8 percent increase in rapes and 4.6 percent increase in aggravated assaults .	45	life.injure.n/a
Albright is later to sign a treaty boosting cooperation between France and the United States on legal matters including extradition , French and US officials announced .	19	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
The payments designated for the man who would later become Donald Trump ’s campaign chief were detailed in the “ black ” accounting ledger of Viktor Yanukovych ’s ousted regime .	28	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
At any point during the firefight did the current rules of engagement restrict the immediate use of assets on hand ?	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But she did so in August of 2015 after the FBI opened an investigation .	13	justice.investigate.n/a
The world ’s emergency stockpile of 11 m doses , which is held on top of normal supply to enable a rapid response to outbreaks , is already being depleted to control the one in Africa .	17	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
As the negotiations were continuing in March 2015 , the freshman senator spearheaded an open letter , signed by 47 Republican lawmakers , to warn Iran that a GOP president would not remain committed to any agreement with Tehran .	36	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday likened himself to the Nazi leader , saying he wants to kill millions of drug addicts , just as Hitler killed Jews during the Holocaust .	30	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Dr. Lisa Bardack adds that Clinton is " recovering well with antibiotics and rest " after she became overheated , dehydrated and felt dizzy at a 9/11 memorial ceremony on Sunday .	20	life.injure.n/a
“ It is not uncommon for the Coalition Air Operations Center to confer with Russian officials as a professional courtesy and to deconflict , ” the command center said , “ although such contact is not required by the current US - Russia Memorandum of Understanding on safety of flight . ”	12	contact.discussion.meet
It seems appropriate , then , that during the rest of the debate — while desperately trying to deflect attention from the “ pussygate ” scandal that has crippled his campaign — Trump alternatively expressed his admiration for dictators and emulated their “ Big Lie ” techniques for winning and keeping power .	12	contact.discussion.meet
TRUMP : I do have a reaction to the prosecutor in Baltimore who indicted those police officers , I do .	13	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
-- Trump ’s alleged misconduct has started a national conversation about sexual assault .	12	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In the week leading up to the Games , a cycling official had a laptop stolen and thieves took some Zika - protective shirts when Australian athletes were evacuated from their rooms in the athletes ' village during a fire .	39	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
“ There are no craters , while the vehicles have their chassis intact and they have not been severely damaged , which would have been the case from an airstrike , ” Konashenkov said .	29	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Aide Jake Sullivan , who 's trying to send her a message — we do n't know its sensitivity — tells her that staffers " say they 've had issues sending secure fax .	32	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Colleagues of those recalled and arrested suspect they are accused of being part of the military faction that seized bridges and roads and attacked Turkey 's parliament on July 15 .	18	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty , the section compelling member nations to provide aid , was invoked for the first time in the history of the organization in the wake of 9/11 .	14	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Around 40,000 people remain trapped and reliant on next week ’s shipment of food and medical supplies .	11	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Similar cases around the world have raised eyebrows in recent years , including that of a Swedish man caught masturbating on a beach on Stockholm , who was acquitted of sexual assault on the basis his actions were not directed towards a specific person .	31	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" People were just throwing plastic outside , " says Ruxton .	4	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
Using military force over diplomacy against countries that threaten the United States Changing the Constitution to bar citizenship for children of illegal immigrants Imposing extra airport checks on passengers who appear to be of Middle Eastern descent in order to curb terrorism Requiring all citizens to carry a national ID card at all times to show to a police officer on request , to curb terrorism Allowing the federal government to scan all phone calls for calls to any number linked to terrorism	8	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
“ I will no longer speak to the press ever again after today , ” he vowed .	16	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
The US led coalition airstrike on Syrian soldiers last month proved that much in reality .	4	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Critics charge her personal email server could have put national security secrets at risk and violated laws on the treatment of classified information .	15	government.agreements.violateagreement
Qatar donated $ 1,000,000 to $ 5,000,000 to the Clintons	1	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In the annex that accompanies the report , Ban added the Saudi coalition , along with other parties to the conflict in Yemen , including the Houthis and Al Qaeda .	2	government.formation.n/a
So information that organizations are spending economic effort into concealing , that 's a really good signal that when the information gets out , there 's a hope of it doing some good — because the organizations that know it best , that know it from the inside out , are spending work to conceal it .	54	movement.transportperson.hide
19 states and the District of Columbia have banned the death penalty .	10	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Azerbaijan has announced a " unilateral ceasefire " in fighting with Armenian forces over the disputed Nagorno - Karabakh region .	6	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The letters promoting the boycott will soon be forwarded to the Russian Journalists’ Union and to the European Federation of Journalists , she said .	4	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
“ The two terrorists stabbed them in the back multiple times , both in the upper body , and fled the scene toward the adjacent neighborhood of Jebl Mukaber , ” police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said shortly after the stabbings . “Police and emergency units rushed to the scene and gave immediate medical assistance before transferring both women to Shaare Zedek Medical Center in moderate condition .	39	conflict.attack.stabbing
Days after Obama announced he would withdraw all troops by Dec. 31 , 2011 , Clinton was asked on Meet the Press if critics had a point that such a withdrawal would “ endanger recent success in Iraq by not having any residual force . ” She replied : “ They should have raised those issues when President Bush agreed to the agreement to withdraw troops by the end of this year . ”	6	conflict.yield.retreat
He also said that , if elected US President , he would consider removing the sanctions against that same nation for its aggression against Ukraine and recognize Crimea , which Russia invaded and is occupying , as Russian territory .	15	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The Egyptian , identified as Talha Hesham Abdo , is detained .	10	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
In 2013 he revealed plans to construct a skyscraper in Russia , similar to New York ’s famous Trump Tower .	6	manufacture.artifact.build
Russian President Vladimir Putin ( C ) talks to Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Kozak ( L ) and head of the Federal Road Agency ( Rosavtodor ) Roman Starovoit as they inspect a transport passage across the Kerch Strait , March 18 , 2016 .	31	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Russia has refused and promised to launch legal proceedings against Ukraine in a London court by the end of the month .	8	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Most recently , PolitiFact , a nonpartisan fact - checking site , has assessed more than five hundred promises made by Barack Obama during his campaigns and found that , to the irritation of his opponents , he has accomplished at least a compromised version of seventy per cent of them .	18	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Just this past week in California there was a KKK rally in Anaheim where three counter - protesters were stabbed and 13 others were arrested .	19	conflict.attack.stabbing
Turkey abolished the death penalty in 2004 under reforms aimed at obtaining European Union membership .	3	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
The year 1998 comes to mind , when her father ’s affairs became gossip and headline fodder , when he had to publicly testify and was very nearly impeached .	23	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
The statement , citing GCC Secretary General Rashid al - Zayani , accused Hezbollah of recruitment to carry out terrorist attacks , and of smuggling weapons and explosives , “ in flagrant violation of [ GCC members’ ] sovereignty , security and stability . ”	24	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Of the two , Clinton is advocating a far more activist and adventurist and inherently risky foreign policy .	6	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
He referenced particularly the letter Sen. Tom Cotton ( R - AR ) and 46 other Senate Republicans signed to the Iranian leaders warning them a GOP president might not honor the nuclear deal being negotiated between Iran and the Obama administration .	35	contact.negotiate.n/a
, a shareholder in the deal who donated between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 ( the Clinton Foundation does n’t report exact amounts , only in ranges ) and is a Clinton Foundation adviser Neil Woodyer , Frank Giustra ’s colleague who founded Endeavor Financial and pledged $ 500,000 as well as promises of “ ongoing financial support ”	52	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
They also show how SECONDDATE has been used , including to spy on Pakistan and a computer system in Lebanon .	11	government.spy.spy
It comes as pictures emerged of the three suicide bombers - seen smiling together just moments before they carried out the deadly massacre , killing 42 and injuring hundreds .	22	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The lawsuits cite the Voting Rights Act and the Ku Klux Klan Act , which aim to prevent voter intimidation .	18	government.vote.violationspreventvote
While Clinton is clear that she never had any intention to mishandle classified documents , a fact that FBI Director James Comey noted as a factor in his decision not to recommend any charges against the former secretary of state , answers she gave to FBI agents during a July 2 interview are likely to reinforce the Republican campaign talking point that she lied to cover up her own recklessness with government secrets .	51	contact.discussion.n/a
And according to a paper obtained by the South Korean news agency Yonhap last week , the Chemical , Biological and Radiological Command of the South Korean military “ did not rule out the possibility ” of a boosted fission bomb test by the North , although it added it “ does not believe it is yet capable of directly testing hydrogen bombs . ”	22	contact.commandorder.correspondence
" The purpose is to get legally established that Norway has no right to extradite Snowden to the U.S. , " the law firm , Schjoedt , said in a statement .	14	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
He made a beeline for a podium in his hotel , arguing that African - Americans are more likely to be pulled over , arrested and shot at by police .	24	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Spokesman Mark Toner , speaking to reporters in Washington , said the people of Aleppo " have been subjected to near constant bombardment and airstrikes " that have killed many civilians and leveled much of the city 's civilian infrastructure .	24	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Authorities have never charged him with a crime but they have mounted an extraordinary campaign to extradite him to Sweden for further questioning after he left the country .	16	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
I mean , you got ta shoot .	6	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Given all the evidence available , as well as the timeline of the events , it 's " more likely than not " that the whole operation , including the Guccifer 2.0 part , was orchestrated by Russian spies , according to Thomas Rid , a cybersecurity expert .	38	government.spy.spy
“ This ruling is a victory for Kansas voters and a stinging rebuke of Secretary Kobach ’s repeated efforts to improperly use his authority to obstruct their access to the ballot , ” said Sophia Lakin , a lawyer with the ACLU , which brought the case .	25	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Homing in on Clinton ’s deletion of emails after she had been subpoenaed , Trump pointed out that anyone doing a fifth of what she had done would already be in jail .	31	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
It would be disqualifying if our hyper­democracy had n’t already abolished disqualifications .	10	government.legislate.legislate
What is genuinely alarming is the urge , however human it may be , to normalize the abnormal by turning toward emotions and attitudes that are familiar .	6	contact.commandorder.broadcast
A taste of what might have been can be found in this report from The Hill about a May 21 , 2015 exchange : “ Top Clinton aide in leaked email : ' Can we survive not answering questions ' from press ? ” As you learn from a close reading of the story , the headline is misleading .	58	contact.prevarication.correspondence
At least three senior aides have been ill , including at least one of whom was hospitalized and treated for dehydration .	20	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz Jason ChaffetzThe Hill 's 12:30 Report Chaffetz : Trump administration ' almost worse ' than Obama 's on transparency Utah GOP narrows field for Chaffetz seat MORE ( R - Utah ) has called Comey to testify before his panel on Thursday , saying , " Individuals who intentionally skirt the law must be held accountable . "	44	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Greece narrowly avoided an expulsion from the eurozone last year , when it secured yet another round of bailout loans that ultimately were necessary to repay its existing debts .	19	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The IDF is also widely believed to have carried out airstrikes on arms shipments destined for the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah , a close ally of Assad .	13	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
When the Left makes a great show about “ racism ” because a village emblem supposedly displays a white man strangling a Native American , and it turns out that it actually depicts a voluntary wrestling match in which a white man earned the local Natives ’ respect,[20 ] , or because of the use of the word “ Redskins ” for a sports team when it turns out that 9 out of 10 Native Americans do n’t really care,[21 ] the Left is crying wolf .	20	conflict.attack.strangling
" We are as vulnerable as Brussels , " said Kaim , of the SWP , a think tank that advises the government and Germany 's parliament in Berlin .	20	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Donald Trump threatens to jail Hillary Clinton if he wins the election https://t.co/RXCwGVdnx4 # debate https://t.co/PMz2LDYPiy — CNN ( @CNN ) October 10 , 2016	4	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The clock 's minute hand is assessed each year , and the clock 's time " conveys how close we are to destroying our civilization with dangerous technologies of our own making , " the Bulletin explained on its website .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
While these dramatic events are occurring in the countries that most influence Canada , we should be more concerned about the Ontario deficit than Ottawa ’s ; it of equal size in a jurisdiction with only 40 per cent of Canada ’s GDP and which does not have any influence on the money supply .	53	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
If the United States “ keeps on its path , its current path of weakness , they ’re going to want to have that anyway , with or without me discussing it , ” Mr. Trump said .	30	contact.discussion.meet
" The plaque 's been shot at , hit with an ax and doused in red paint several times , " Mantila said , noting that Finland had nothing to do with the plaque project in the first place .	5	life.die.n/a
And eight senators sent him a letter , including both of our California senators , Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer , urging President Obama not to put any money in the fiscal year 2017 budget request for this destabilizing new weapon .	21	contact.commandorder.correspondence
" All in all , 20 mine and missile explosions have been recorded , " Moscow said , adding two civilians were killed and eight wounded .	9	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
NA TRAINING : The ISIS chief was teaching recruits how to decapitate prisoners	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
However , US State Department spokesman Mark Toner said last month that ISIS was selling oil to middlemen who in turn were involved in smuggling the oil across the frontier to Turkey .	24	movement.transportartifact.hide
But “ when the media are intimidated or imprisoned for critical reporting , when Internet freedom is curtailed and social media sites .	8	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Faaborg - Andersen said the EU would continue to provide aid to the Palestinians in Area C , despite the tension it generates with Jerusalem .	9	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Many of the faces were thoroughly destroyed , or the eyes were gouged out .	12	conflict.attack.stabbing
Turkey says the coup attempt was organized by supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fetullah Gulen and has called for his extradition , another source of Turkey ’s exasperation with the West .	19	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Sater had served prison time for slashing a man ’s face in a 1991 Manhattan brawl—“He got into trouble because he got into a barroom fight which a lot of people do , ” Trump once said in a court deposition — and in 1998 was convicted for fraud over associations with White Rock Partners , a Mafia - connected New York stock brokerage .	46	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
TORTURE	0	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Johnson , then the Pentagon ’s general counsel , said in a speech that “ there will come a tipping point … at which so many of the leaders and operatives of Al Qaeda and its affiliates have been killed or captured , and the group is no longer able to attempt or launch a strategic attack against the United States , such that Al Qaeda as we know it , the organization that our Congress authorized the military to pursue in 2001 , has been effectively destroyed . ” And the war would be expected to end .	39	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It is about “ punching that guy in the face , ” or at a minimum , saving face ― his .	4	life.injure.n/a
His father , however , told Omaha CBS - affiliate KMTV he did not think it was a robbery because nothing was stolen : his watch , money , credit cards and phone were still with him .	18	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
" Such methods on the international stage are called pressure and blackmail . "	11	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
" Bill Clinton has actually abused women and Hillary has bullied , attacked , shamed and intimidated his victims , " Trump said .	16	contact.threatencoerce.meet
As reported , the DCCC has hired a respected cybersecurity technology firm to conduct a full investigation of the breach . ”	6	personnel.startposition.hiring
But Earnest added that WikiLeaks ’ daily releases of Podesta ’s emails bears a striking resemblance to other attacks that have been officially blamed on Russia .	18	conflict.attack.n/a
I quit the party in 2012 because of exactly the kind of coarse ignorance that Trump represents .	1	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Perhaps some of those people will be critical of some of the details they ’ve been taught about the Holocaust — with more or with less “ noble ” motivations behind their skepticism .	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Before the Democrats lock in their choice for President , they might want to know if Hillary Clinton broke the law with her unsecure emails and may be indicted , a question that ex - CIA analyst Ray McGovern addresses .	28	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
But he also pledged to fix relations with the rising Asian giant , saying that a stronger America would win more respect from its Communist leaders .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
If elected president , Donald Trump ’s global business empire would represent one sprawling mess of conflicts of interest and ethical morasses for himself and , by extension , the United States .	1	personnel.elect.n/a
He has said NATO is “ obsolete , ” and flirted with the prospect of ignoring Baltic nations if they invoke the treaty ’s mutual defense provisions following a Russian attack .	22	government.agreements.n/a
Would n't a national gun registry give us a tool to stop some of the killing ?	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
( AP ) A former St. Louis police officer was charged with murder in the fatal 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar .	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It came on the heels of a violent week in Aleppo , during which nearly 400 people have been killed and hundreds more injured , as forces loyal to Bashar al - Assad ’s regime prepare a ground offensive to reclaim the opposition - held east of the city .	7	life.injure.n/a
And during another February rally , he urged his supporters : " If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato , knock the crap out of them , would you ? "	7	contact.requestadvise.meet
In the essay , Frankfurt distinguishes crucially between lies and B.S.	8	contact.prevarication.broadcast
" Both the Republic of Korea and the United States are firm in their position that the issue of North Korean denuclearization should be the priority in any dialogue with North Korea .	28	contact.discussion.n/a
Earlier this month , while inaugurating the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra , a state - of - the - art complex for services to overseas Indians , Modi had said : " India has never coveted any territory ; never attacked another country .	5	government.formation.startgpe
On Tuesday , CBS4 News asked Trump if , as president , he would instruct his Justice Department to re - open the criminal investigation into Clinton .	24	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
And yet we ’re not reimbursed fairly for what we do .	5	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
At the top of his rally in the critical Wisconsin county of Waukesha on Wednesday night , Donald Trump accused the search giant Google of both impeding and bolstering his candidacy .	19	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
However , Turkey ’s repeatedly - exposed direct material support for Islamist groups like al Nusra and ISIS to overthrow Assad as well as quell the Kurdish land grab suggest a wholly different reality to their intentions .	27	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Bill Clinton ’s involvement with the intern Monica Lewinsky had national security implications and also subjected him to possible blackmail .	19	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Our identity is under threat when we accept an immigration policy that makes no sense . "	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Maybe when those who caved to Trump in 2016 begin their campaigns for 2020 , some voters will recall that at a moment of national crisis , those politicians promising strong leadership were too weak , too obsessed with winning elections , too afraid of Trump ’s angry faithful to have the steady moral compass , the calmness under fire , the vision in the fog of battle that real leadership demands .	39	personnel.elect.winelection
The FBI investigated Clinton ’s e - mail matter and concluded that she had been “ extremely careless ” in her use of classified material but did not recommend she face criminal charges .	28	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Koum grew up in the Ukraine under Soviet rule before immigrating to the US as a teenager , so he has some intimate familiarity with the challenges of maintaining privacy in the face of an intrusive government .	10	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
In a decree released by the Kremlin , Russian President Vladi­mir Putin said Moscow would consider a resumption of the nuclear accord only if Washington agreed to several conditions , including canceling all sanctions and compensating Moscow for losses resulting from them .	35	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Corruption in oil production - one of the world 's richest industries and one that touches us all through our reliance on petrol - fuels inequality , robs people of their basic needs and causes social unrest in some of the world 's poorest countries .	27	conflict.attack.n/a
" A policy of guilt by association applies , meaning that the relatives of Christians are also detained regardless of whether they share the Christian belief , " the report says .	17	movement.transportperson.preventexit
This is an amount , Overton noted , that “ only accounts for 48 percent of the total small arms supplied by the U.S. government that can be found in open - source government reports . ”	20	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Assange has characterized the investigation as part of a broader conspiracy on the part of the U.S. government to incarcerate him , extradite him , and have him killed in prison—“Jack Ruby style , ” as he put it to the Guardian .	19	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
How he did it is instructive : On the eve of the San Diego vote , a Lacy outfit bombarded Latinos and Democrats with robocalls claiming that the sitting judge had been releasing drug dealers into their neighborhoods .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
Firemen were called to the blaze at Hinterstoder in Kirchdorf , Austria , and say they found the remains of the machine on the hotplate .	5	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
We are funding terrorism , " Yoho said , labeling it " unconscionable " to provide aid to Palestine in the name of peace while the Palestinian Authority is subsidizing terrorists .	15	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Clinton 's doctor has evaluated her several times since she became dehydrated at Sunday 's 9/11 memorial event in New York City .	11	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
In fact , Morell recently published a book where he reiterates the aforementioned point and emphatically states that the Bush administration did not pressure the CIA whatsoever to conclude there were WMDs in Iraq .	10	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Both said they were employed unofficially and paid cash - in - hand .	4	personnel.startposition.hiring
" Sustaining security improvements requires constant vigilance at all levels , and we pledge that our countries will continue to make nuclear security an enduring priority , " the statement said .	13	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
" We have pledged our sacred honor , the United States of America , our sacred honor to the NATO Treaty , " Joe Biden says .	20	government.agreements.n/a
The United Nations Human Rights Council subsequently convened an independent , international commission of inquiry , which concluded that Israel , and to a lesser extent Palestinian armed groups , had likely committed violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law , some constituting war crimes .	7	contact.discussion.correspondence
The claim that al - Nimr advocated violence is refuted by none other than U.S. diplomatic cables based on al - Nimr 's conversations with a State Department official that were later published by WikiLeaks .	6	contact.requestadvise.n/a
The one time Trump ’s aides intervened in the drafting of the Republican National Convention ’s platform , it was to push for the deletion of a passage endorsing arms shipments to Ukraine soldiers fighting to stave off incursions from Russian forces .	30	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
As the poor become poorer and the rich become richer , the rich acquire increasing control over another crucial asset : money .	13	transaction.transferownership.purchase
She flung open the door and was shocked at what she found .	1	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Germans fled or were expelled	1	movement.transportperson.n/a
Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Live coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan MORE ( Vt . ) .	16	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
So both lawyers whose names are on Gary Johnson ’s main campaign group since 2009 are not only associated with right - wing extremists and violent nativist vigilantes , but more importantly , both of them specialize in fraudulent vote schemes that help their Republican Party clients win elections by deceiving Democratic Party voters .	25	life.injure.n/a
Digital security researchers tracking Friday ’s attacks advised against jumping to conclusions , arguing that there could be many explanations .	7	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
At one point last year , Rio was reported to be experiencing its highest level of street robberies in more than 20 years , while from January through to May this year , Rio de Janeiro logged more than 2000 homicides — a 13 per cent increase over the same period in 2015 .	40	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Hide Caption 6 of 32 Photos : North Dakota pipeline protests Snow covers the camp on Wednesday , November 30 .	10	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
Etaky 's young son has been suffering with a fever but he says he has been unable to get him treatment with the city 's resources brutally stretched .	9	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Responding to the new accusations , Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel reiterated the denial of his country ’s involvement in the bombing .	11	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
“ Hillary believes it ’s vital to deceive the people by having one public policy and a totally different policy in private , ” Trump said , nodding to the emails of her campaign chairman John Podesta that were published by WikiLeaks .	7	contact.prevarication.correspondence
" I did n't finish the tour , you know , the tour I had bought .	15	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Russia has also lent support to the embattled leader , sending troops and aircraft to pound rebel fighters .	3	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Brazile took over as the DNC chairwoman in July after Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned in the wake of an earlier Guccifer 2.0 data release .	13	personnel.endposition.n/a
As our Tom Jackman notes : “ The lack of partnership may come as a surprise to the numerous joint federal - local task forces currently focused on terrorism , drugs , gangs , human trafficking , Internet sex crimes and more . ” He adds that Trump ’s four - page response does not go into great detail , while “ Clinton ’s 12 pages of answers are much more detailed , and endorse concepts widely discussed by American police commanders , such as evidence - based policing , de - escalation training , focused deterrence and crisis intervention training for officers encountering those with mental illness . ”	35	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Following the collapse of a short - lived , US and Russia - brokered ceasefire , Syrian forces pounded eastern Aleppo on Sunday , killing at least 85 people and wounding more than 300 others , an activist group reported .	14	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Names of the two other deceased Russian servicemen – Ivan Cheremisin and Fedor Zhuravlev – only became known to the public at the March ceremony in the Kremlin when President Vladimir Putin presented military awards and decorations to those involved in the Syrian operation .	5	life.die.n/a
Before the 31st United Nations Human Rights Council meeting in Geneva , 500 human rights organizations , law professors , former UN office holders , and high - profile rights defenders including four Nobel Peace Prize laureats and a Pulitzer Prize winner , have urged the governments of Sweden and the United Kingdom to respect the United Nations ’ decision to free Julian Assange .	44	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Earlier , AP and Reuters cited anonymous US officials who claimed that Russia has suggested a March 1 ceasefire in Syria .	18	government.agreements.n/a
In a letter to Congress , he blamed Russia for threatening the peace , security , stability , sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine , and said Moscow ’s actions there have undermined democratic processes and institutions .	10	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
The agreement also requires unprecedented inspections and monitoring covering all aspects of Iran ’s nuclear program , from uranium mining to research facilities .	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Clinton on Thursday reiterated her opposition to sending a big contingent of troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria , saying it would fulfill ISIS ' wish for a ground war with America .	3	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
In an extraordinary sign of the shifting attitudes , Castro was willing to answer one question on why his regime was keeping Cubans incarcerated for expressing anti - government views .	23	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He originally had pleaded not guilty to the nine - count indictment when he was extradited to the U.S.	15	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
The statement continued , " If this air strike was the result of a targeting error , it is a direct consequence of the U.S. side 's stubborn unwillingness to coordinate its action against terrorist groups on Syrian territory with Russia .	8	conflict.attack.n/a
For we are also told , sometimes in the same breath , that her problem is that she ’s just not a great politician or “ performer ” ; “ she ’s a workhorse not a show horse ” virtually every flack and lackey proclaims as if they can get people to stop believing their lying eyes .	44	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
CIA CHIEF OUT IN THE OPEN — CIA Director John Brennan is set to testify during an open hearing of the Senate Intelligence Committee today .	14	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
The desert oasis was once known as a melting pot of faiths and ethnicities , and by demolishing its artifacts , the jihadists also hoped to eradicate knowledge of its diverse legacy .	26	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The U.S. ’s most popular third - party presidential candidate says he would “ consider ” pardoning the highest profile convicts of computer - related crimes in the country , including Chelsea Manning , Ross Ulbricht , and Jeremy Hammond .	20	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Do these congressional “ leaders ” actually have nothing to say about the cruel attack on two parents who now go to other military funerals to honor their son ?	24	contact.funeralvigil.meet
But a surge in violence in recent weeks has left the ceasefire all but collapsed .	11	government.agreements.violateagreement
COOPER : Did he mislead you at all ?	4	contact.prevarication.broadcast
“ During a speech by Hillary earlier this week at George Washington University retired CIA analyst , Ray McGovern , was physically accosted and arrested for disorderly conduct for the simple act of standing up and turning his back to Hillary .	13	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Donald Trump appears finished with his four - day feud with the parents of a slain U.S. soldier , but he 's showing no sign of shifting his full focus to Hillary Clinton .	15	life.die.n/a
The bombardments came after Ankara suffered its first military fatality in the two - pronged offensive against IS and the Syrian Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) militia .	9	life.die.n/a
Colombia : A 2015 IBT investigative report found that as a Clinton Foundation - linked project accepted contributions from a Colombian oil firm and its founder , Hillary Clinton did not respond to calls for her State Department to use its power to combat alleged labor abuses at the company .	43	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
South Korean vehicles transporting employees working at the Kaesong Industrial Complex ( KIC ) arrive at the South 's CIQ ( Customs , Immigration and Quarantine ) , just south of the demilitarised zone separating the two Koreas , in Paju , South Korea , February 11 , 2016 .	3	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
On Monday , a hacking group calling itself the “ ShadowBrokers ” announced an auction for what it claimed were “ cyber weapons ” made by the NSA .	14	transaction.transferownership.n/a
It would not be the first time the OSS helped a high ranking Nazi official to escape punishment and capture .	16	movement.transportperson.n/a
Trump concluded that if the countries pay , he ’s “ a big believer in NATO ” — but “ We have to be reimbursed .	24	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The Coffee Berry Borer , originally found in the Congo , is a major pest that has spread to many coffee producing nations .	21	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Badreddine and four other alleged members of Hezbollah remain on trial in absentia at the Hague .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
But the documents show that former secretary of state Colin Powell appeared to advise her early in her term that private email could give her more control over her communications in the face of public inquiries .	13	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
England manager Roy Hodgson and captain Wayne Rooney have urged fans to " stay out of trouble " .	9	contact.commandorder.broadcast
( BEIRUT , LEBANON ) Warplanes launched some of the heaviest air strikes yet on rebel - held areas of Aleppo on Friday after the Russian - backed Syrian army declared an offensive to fully capture Syria 's biggest city , killing off any hope of reviving a ceasefire .	48	government.agreements.n/a
“ But the key point is , the current instability in Iraq and Syria , and really around the Middle East , stems in substantial part from the Obama administration decision in 2011 , when she was secretary of state , to withdraw all American forces from Iraq .	42	conflict.yield.n/a
This time , an estimated 50,000 civilians remain trapped and besieged , facing starvation .	13	life.injure.n/a
In his address , Abdullah also called for international unity to combat Islamic State and its ilk , saying that battling Islamist extremists was a “ third world war by other means . ”	2	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
‘ Eyewash ’ : How the CIA deceives its own workforce about operations	7	contact.prevarication.broadcast
But Putin has also managed to make Russia ’s role so evident that it demands some kind of U.S. response .	14	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The think - tank said it carried out a series of war games exploring a scenario in which Russia tried to annex the capitals of either Estonia , Latvia , or both , similarly to how it seized the peninsula of Crimea in 2014 .	21	government.formation.mergegpe
Bulgaria has refused to take part in a joint ‘ common NATO ’ fleet of Romania Ukraine and Turkey , aimed at deterring Russia in the Black Sea , the Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov announced today ( 16 June ) .	35	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
According to the Times , Manafort continued working after Yanukovych’s​ removal from office , " helping allies of the ousted president and others form a political bloc that opposed the new pro - Western administration . "	19	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Americans could see a leader regulating the same banks that lend the Trump Organization millions of dollars , or one negotiating with foreign governments contributing millions to the Clinton Foundation .	10	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
When pressed by the moderator with his own quoted remarks boasting about his habit of committing sexual assault , a boast later corroborated by nine victims , Trump issued a blanket denial .	17	conflict.attack.n/a
He urged his followers to “ check out [ Machado ’s ] sex tape and past , ” references to a 1998 murder investigation in which she was never charged and rumors that she has appeared in pornographic films , of which there is no evidence .	22	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
However , Turkey ’s repeatedly - exposed direct material support for Islamist groups like al Nusra and ISIS to overthrow Assad as well as quell the Kurdish land grab suggest a wholly different reality to their intentions .	27	transaction.transaction.n/a
Otherwise , Russia would not negotiate terms for a cessation of hostilities there .	5	contact.discussion.n/a
A federal district court rejected the industry ’s request for an injunction , and a ruling on an appeal is still pending .	11	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas was a Soviet spy in Damascus in the 1980s , Israel ’s Channel 1 reports , blowing the lid off information uncovered in an archive smuggled out of the USSR .	30	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Gawker tried to link Ajamu Baraka to holocaust denial .	7	life.die.n/a
His great grandfather ( pictured ) was a Turkish journalist and politician assassinated by a nationalist mob .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Donate to the foundation or give Bill Clinton an exorbitant fee for a speech and good things often happened .	0	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Vice President Biden said Hillary Clinton has been “ battered ” by decades of Republican campaigns to undermine her credibility .	9	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The last Republican presidential candidate who did n't release his tax returns to the public was Ford , who never once won election to the executive branch .	21	personnel.elect.winelection
" You have allies right now , I mean I have friends that , you know , serve in parliament in places like Estonia , that every day worry about the Russians deciding that this is the time to re - annex and take them back , ” said Kinzinger , a former Air Force pilot .	41	government.formation.n/a
The insurgency has been focused in the northern part of the Sinai Peninsula but has frequently spilled over into the mainland since the ousting in 2013 of the Islamist president Mohammed Morsi .	23	personnel.endposition.n/a
This ' thing ' became the bloody Feb. 22 , 2014 coup ousting elected President Yanukovych and touching off a civil war between Ukrainian ' nationalists ' from the west and Ukraine 's ethnic Russians in the east . "	13	personnel.elect.winelection
Refugees speak of starvation spreading throughout the city under the impact of this economic siege .	3	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The claim from Mr Kim was made as he inspected a nuclear facility on Wednesday .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
The problem is that the rest of the country is n’t deceived .	11	contact.prevarication.correspondence
THE FACTS : While Trump is correct that lawyers might not recommend it , former President Richard Nixon released his tax returns while under audit .	11	contact.requestadvise.n/a
A former Democrat , Panosian said misleading and insensitive handling of the attack on the US consulate in Benghazi , Libya , by Clinton “ overshadows ” Trump ’s treatment of the Khan family .	6	contact.prevarication.n/a
State and local law enforcement agents need to be trained in how to specifically deal with the thugs that will be unleashed to effect voter intimidation .	24	government.vote.n/a
The big news this weekend , in this regard , is that the International Atomic Energy Agency — which monitors compliance with the deal — announced that , at this stage of the deal , Iran has fulfilled its end of the bargain , ahead of schedule .	25	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
He vows to lock up his political opponent , calls the election “ rigged ” without evidence , and wo n’t promise to respect the result if he loses .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Asked why he robbed banks , Willie Sutton answered , “ It ’s where the money is . ” His answer remains a classic example of clarity through simplicity .	3	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
To successfully transport passengers , designers will have to overcome challenges including motion sickness and fear of travelling at high speeds in a sealed tube .	13	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
The corpse of 17-year - old Stefania Dubrovina was found mutilated beyond recognition with her eyes gouged out and ears hacked off .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The company originally posted a map that excluded the annexed peninsula , but backtracked when it received protest from Russians .	17	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Just the next year , in June 1941 , it was invaded and conquered by the Nazis .	11	conflict.attack.invade
So , my concern is not just for information that she could have compromised as Secretary of State that would have harmed the U.S. from 2009 - 2013 , but what information has been compromised that could be used against her as blackmail if she is in the Oval Office ? ”	42	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
In delivering the fiery speech against Clinton , firing campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and actively working to rebut Clinton 's remarks Tuesday in real time , Trump 's campaign is working to reassure Republicans the billionaire is up to the job .	8	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
A day later , authorities denied entry into Turkey for Russian news agency Sputnik ’s Istanbul - based general manager .	5	movement.transportperson.prevententry
He even proclaimed that “ we love death more than you love life ! ”	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
NTV also showed what it said were images from a police station in Istanbul , showing military officers allegedly detained by police .	19	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Turkey 's attempted coup : By the numbers • At least 161 people killed • 2,839 military officers were detained • At least 1,140 people wounded • 1 airfield still under military faction 's control • At least 200 soldiers turned themselves in to police in Ankara • 11 years : Erdogan 's reign as Prime Minister • 2014 : Year that Erdogan ran for President -- and won	3	conflict.attack.n/a
Warren reportedly loaned money at high interest rates to relatives and purchased foreclosed properties at bargain prices .	11	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The records proved that she lied when she denied participation in a sham land deal .	5	contact.prevarication.n/a
Then , in 1989 , as the West was on the verge of winning the Cold War , Sanders addressed the national conference of the US Peace Council — a known front for the Communist Party USA , whose members swore an oath not only to the Soviet Union but to “ the triumph of Soviet power in the US . ”	42	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Nobody knows how many South Sudanese have perished in the war .	7	life.die.n/a
Trump vows to " bomb the hell " out of ISIS in Iraq -- especially the oil wells it 's captured there -- to deprive it of income .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
But Obama ’s visit comes at a moment when U.S. and Asian officials fear the region is entering a newly dangerous atomic future , threatening Obama ’s vow to roll back the spread of nuclear arms and possibly touching off an Asian nuclear arms race .	27	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
According to varying reports , some eight families were hit as they tried to flee the fighting in their area .	14	movement.transportperson.n/a
The codes -- created by a group of elite NSA hackers -- were believed stolen in 2013 , at the same time former contractor Edward Snowden was copying thousands of NSA surveillance documents .	31	government.spy.spy
Aydin Dogan has proclaimed his innocence , and critics of the action have proclaimed that the indictment was a politically motivated attempt to crush the company that has served as a journalistic opponent of the government .	13	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Yet the capacity of local buyers is limited , so smuggling oil to Turkey and other countries is more profitable .	10	movement.transportartifact.hide
There are other ways to attack our election system on the Internet besides hacking voting machines or changing vote tallies : deleting voter records , hijacking candidate or party websites , targeting and intimidating campaign workers or donors .	33	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Nonetheless , Trump 's address was a toxic combination of unprovable claims -- " excessive regulation is costing our country as much as $ 2 trillion a year " and ending it will " produce more than $ 20 trillion in job - creating economic activity " -- and outright lies -- " My opponent wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment . "	58	government.legislate.legislate
Father Alexander Karloutsos began the meeting by talking about how the only church destroyed in the 9/11 attacks at the World Trade Center was Greek Orthodox .	5	contact.discussion.n/a
South Korean media has reported that the North Korean military chief of staff has been executed for corruption and factionalism .	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
But they have thrown it out there .	3	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
By making the embargo harsher .	3	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
He vows to launch trade wars that will cost millions of jobs .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Black , Manafort , and Stone hired alumni of the Department of Housing and Urban Development then used those connections to win $ 43 million in “ moderate rehabilitation funds ” for a renovation project in Upper Deerfield , New Jersey .	6	personnel.startposition.n/a
Cohn became one of the developer ’s lifelong mentors , encouraging the pugilistic personality that showed itself all the way back in second grade , when Trump punched his music teacher .	27	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
On Friday , though , the US rejected the idea that the pause in the air assault on eastern Aleppo has provided much relief to civilians , accusing the Syrian government of using starvation as a weapon of war .	33	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
According to Syria 's Arab News Agency ( SANA ) , a car bomb explosion has gone off in the countryside of Damascus and initial information say there are casualties , where a car rigged with explosions was remotely detonated at the entrance of Moadhamiyet al - Sham neighborhood in rural Damascus during engineering units it was trying to dismantled it	36	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
“ It has not been easy for me ... My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . ” October 26 , 2015 , on NBC ’s “ TODAY ” show .	15	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Local medics said the driver of the car was killed while two Kyrgyz embassy staff and a woman were lightly wounded in the blast .	20	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
And if you noticed something different today , while we were gone , they built us a brand - new set .	14	manufacture.artifact.build
“ The most important condition for the progress , as stated in the Minsk deal and in UN Security Council resolution , is establishment of direct dialogue between Kiev and Donbass , ” Lavrov stressed .	26	contact.discussion.n/a
In an interview with the New York Times opinion writer Maureen Dowd , Trump ’s only comment was : “ I ’d like to hear his wife say something . ”	2	contact.discussion.correspondence
“ The equipment they have is encrypted and sufficiently sophisticated that anyone going through it would not find any evidence of the work they ’re doing . ” Only one investigator , a Syrian woman , who was captured more than two years ago , is currently detained by the Syrian regime .	47	movement.transportperson.preventexit
With that in mind , Assange wrote , “ let us consider two closely balanced and broadly conspiratorial power groupings , the US Democratic and Republican parties . ” He continued , “ Consider what would happen if one of these parties gave up their mobile phones , fax and email correspondence — let alone the computer systems which manage their subscribers , donors , budgets , polling , call centres and direct mail campaigns ?	48	contact.collaborate.correspondence
It also helps to understand the way her burial was conducted in a style similar - but different - to royalty .	8	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
It was the start of a dialogue that stretched over two wars .	6	contact.discussion.meet
A similar debate re - emerged in 2016 , after Clinton went months without answering questions from her traveling press , only to change course after Labor Day with more frequent news conferences .	2	contact.discussion.meet
In the Times interview , Trump also said he would not chide authoritarian leaders for cracking down on civil liberties or their political rivals ; that he 'd pull the U.S. out of the North American Free Trade Agreement if Canada and Mexico did n't agree to better terms ; and that he might withdraw U.S. troops deployed around the world , even from sensitive areas such as the Korean peninsula .	54	conflict.yield.n/a
While Lavrov spoke of an American policy driven by “ aggressive Russophobia , ” Putin said normal relations could be restored only by Washington reversing all of its Cold War policies in recent years , from NATO expansion to Russia ’s borders to economic sanctions .	44	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The Kremlin is clearly happy to see a Republican candidate who preaches disbanding NATO ( or throwing it into debtors prison ) and advocates an American retreat from the world stage .	23	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
But toward the end of the “ Fitness to Be President ” section , the debate changed .	15	contact.negotiate.meet
“ Russian authorities use the ‘ gay propaganda ’ law to harass and intimidate LGBT activists into silence , ” said Tanya Cooper , Europe and Central Asia researcher at Human Rights Watch .	13	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Speaking in Waukesha , Wis. , Sept. 28 , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump accused Google of concealing " bad news " about his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton .	14	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Foreign fighters set up temporary roadblocks and take the civilians ' ID cards .	5	movement.transportperson.prevententry
4/10 Palestinians throw molotov cocktail during clashes with Israeli troops near Ramallah , West Bank .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" Immediately after the airstrike by coalition planes , Islamic State militants launched their offensive .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
In truth , refugees are n’t entirely fleeing ISIS ; they are tragically immigrating into the very NATO countries that ironically are bombing their homeland , only to face more violence from anti - immigrant far - right nationalists .	13	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Trump sparred for days with a Gold Star family who spoke ill of him at the Democratic National Convention and beyond and claimed Arizona Sen. John McCain is n’t a war hero because he was captured .	35	movement.transportperson.preventexit
One of the US ’s most well - known scientists has warned that Hillary Clinton may have been poisoned by Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin .	18	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
The U.S. would need to be unusually creative to find new targets , given the many sanctions already in effect in Russia .	16	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) is a military cooperative consisting of 28 countries between North America , South America , and Europe .	3	government.agreements.violateagreement
You can buy An Enemy of the State : The Life of Murray N. Rothbard ( Prometheus Books , 2000 ) , my biography of the great libertarian thinker , here .	2	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
“ But a forensic examination found that the men had been incapacitated by the beatings before they were shot ; Jaypee Bertes had a broken right arm . ”	18	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
That runs counter to the Obama administration , which imposed economic sanctions against Russia for annexing the territory in Ukraine two years ago .	11	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Saif al - Islam was in July sentenced to death by a court in Tripoli in a mass trial of former regime figures widely criticised by human rights groups .	18	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
McConnell called the legislation a " compromise bill that would protect middle - class families from unnecessary and unfair higher food prices while also ensuring access to information about the food they purchase . "	32	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The Israeli government is to hold its first ever cabinet meeting at a location on the Golan Heights on Sunday , in an effort to underline Israel ’s determination never to relinquish the strategic ridge despite anticipated international pressure to do so .	10	contact.discussion.meet
Last year , a New York court delivered an injunction against Sci - Hub , making its domain unavailable ( something Elbakyan dodged by switching to a new location ) , and the site is also being sued by Elsevier for " irreparable harm " - a case that experts are predicting will win Elsevier around $ 750 to $ 150,000 for each pirated article .	9	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
These sanctions were approved by the UN Security Council in June of 2010 in what President Barack Obama called " the toughest sanctions ever faced by the Iranian government . "	22	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
A less than subtle ' blackmail ' attempt by the Prime Minister of Israel urged Clinton to release an American who was spying for Israel , according to another Clinton author , Daniel Halper , in his book Clinton Inc.	5	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
The meeting with Poroshenko is a signal to Russian President Vladimir Putin , who has invaded Ukraine , of Clinton 's pledge to be tough on Moscow if elected .	21	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The reason they wo n’t allow that is clear , because they rely on fear to intimidate people into voting Democratic .	16	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
While a forensics team searched the area , police set up roadblocks to find the terrorists . ”Roughly one hour later , Rosenfeld said , Border Police officers arrested two suspects matching the description of the assailants , but after extensive questioning , both young men were released without charges . “Police are continuing to search for the terrorists involved in the attack and hope to make arrests soon , ” he said later in the day . Shortly after the attack , Shaare Zedek Medical Center spokeswoman Shoham Ruvio said both victims were in stable condition and expected to survive . “They are stable and conscious , ” said Ruvio .	11	movement.transportperson.prevententry
A fascinating and unprecedented interview took place on HBO 's “ Real Time ” between WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and longtime host Bill Maher .	4	contact.discussion.correspondence
Both Bill and Hillary attended his funeral in Providence last week , with the former president giving the eulogy , remembering his old pal as ' forever young , forever exuberant … always just a little too much . '	6	contact.funeralvigil.meet
' We will negotiate it with his mother too if he can live in a hotel with me , or fly with me somewhere .	3	contact.negotiate.meet
“ Some of the Republicans advocating against refugees today do n’t know that historically GOP presidents have had welcoming asylum policies toward people fleeing conflicts , ” says Quigley .	19	movement.transportperson.n/a
Russia is currently on a scorched - earth bombing campaign in Syria with the U.N. Security Council approving their military conquest .	8	conflict.attack.bombing
32/42 Joey Feek Joey ( left ) passed away in March after a two - year cancer illness .	7	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Turkey closed the three border crossings with Bulgaria , the Bulgarian Foreign Ministry said , reiterating its appeal to Bulgarians to avoid traveling to its southern neighbor .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
How long did the firefight last ?	4	conflict.attack.n/a
Hide Caption 4 of 20 Photos : Orlando nightclub shooting Jeremy Glatstein donates blood in Orlando on June 12 .	9	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Describing one of the many executions carried out by ISIS fanatics , another woman in the film , who calls herself Oum Mohammad , reportedly said : ' I could see there was a man sitting on the ground .	5	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
In April 2014 he gave persuasive evidence that , in an attempt to frame Assad , Erdoğan provided extremist Sunni militias with the crudely concocted poison gas that exploded in a Damascus suburb the previous August .	28	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Of course , King Salman is not the only world leader past or present whose inability to cope has been artfully concealed by aides and courtiers .	21	movement.transportperson.hide
When the sun goes down , the guns start blazing .	9	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Trump was widely criticised for his remarks at the debate , with many commentators saying they were evocative of “ tinpot dictators ” and authoritarian regimes where political opponents are arrested and incarcerated .	32	movement.transportperson.n/a
I will , in all honesty , plead guilty to sounding like that sometimes ( though it is not my intent ) .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
The memo also assesses that Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen Rodney FrelinghuysenBipartisan group of lawmakers urge Treasury to keep state and local tax deduction Trump ’s transportation budget runs into resistance from both parties Overnight Energy : Zinke defends Trump ’s Interior budget proposal MORE ( R - N.J. ) , chairman of the defense appropriations subcommittee , " may be less enthused " about the House funding tactic , but went along with it at Ryan 's direction .	13	contact.commandorder.correspondence
• World Cup host will allow alcohol to be drunk in fanzones • Hassan al - Thawadi vows tournament will be ‘ fun ’	17	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Russian President Vladimir Putin and President Barack Obama meet on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly on Sept. 28 , 2015 .	8	contact.collaborate.meet
On March 21 , 2014 at 6 am , the Turkish military began using heavy canons to bombard Kessab .	17	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Earlier in the afternoon , Asheville officers confiscated a firearm from someone outside the center .	7	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
It was easy to believe that America was , for some ideological reason , immune to the fever raging in Europe .	17	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
When the party stopped paying its bills , Manafort ’s Kiev office , which was being run by Kilimnik , began running late on its rent and employees ’ salaries , according to several people familiar with the situation .	25	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The Nato alliance agreement was crystal clear , said its secretary general , Jens Stoltenberg .	3	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Fawaz said his son had handcuffs on his hands and feet and wept as police interrogators screamed at him , accusing him of trying to stab security forces .	25	conflict.attack.stabbing
The Rosa Khutor expansion , by some accounts , has already started : A “ citizens ’ inspection ” by activists from the group Environmental Watch on North Caucasus ( EWNC ) in May 2015 revealed what it says is an illegal road going from Rosa Khutor through virgin territory toward the site of one of the planned resorts .	17	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Clinton reiterated her commitment to the UFO disclosure during a recent late night TV interview with Jimmy Kimmel .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
By appointing B Johnson she proved the opposite . "	1	personnel.startposition.n/a
Unfortunately , Washington ’s early insistence on Bashar al - Assad ’s overthrow thwarted hope for a negotiated settlement .	17	contact.negotiate.correspondence
He also reiterated allegations of Russian involvement in an attack on aid convoy last month , prompting an accusation of “ Russophobic hysteria ” by the Russian defence ministry .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
On top of that , an EgyptAir domestic flight was hijacked in March , and terrorists brought down a Russian plane that took off from an Egyptian tourist airport in late October .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
Two months later , in his book , Crippled America , Trump wrote : “ Once the sanctions are removed there is no going back , no ‘ snapback . ’ Putting sanctions back in place unilaterally wo n’t do any good . ”	17	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
No - one was injured in the hijacking , Cypriot government spokesman Nikos Christodulides tweeted .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
But that earlier poll came at a time when Japanese - manufactured cars were being vandalized on the streets of Detroit , and anti - Japanese rhetoric was seen as a vote - winner .	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Before the ship arrived , personnel had been advised to “ use extreme caution ” and to remain inside the station in all but the most serious circumstances .	8	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Reports emerged earlier on Wednesday that retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson would serve on a selection committee for finding Trump ’s running mate .	6	personnel.endposition.n/a
received arms shipments from the United States .	2	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
" It claimed as its victim Cox , a widely respected 41-year - old member of the center - left Labour Party who won election last year after a career in humanitarian work and who was widely respected for her outspoken advocacy on behalf of refugees and civilians in Syria . ” She was attacked outside a library near the city of Leeds . "	23	personnel.elect.n/a
Opponents argued that nuclear disarmament should be addressed within negotiations on the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .	16	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The one time Trump ’s aides intervened in the drafting of the Republican National Convention ’s platform , it was to push for the deletion of a passage endorsing arms shipments to Ukraine soldiers fighting to stave off incursions from Russian forces .	30	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
The statement , citing GCC Secretary General Rashid al - Zayani , accused Hezbollah of recruitment to carry out terrorist attacks , and of smuggling weapons and explosives , “ in flagrant violation of [ GCC members ’ ] sovereignty , security and stability . ”	24	movement.transportperson.hide
Now I ’m Endorsing Hillary Clinton . ” As far as the New York Times is concerned , support for Clinton from an organization that is identified around the world with torture and murder should be shouted from the rooftops .	31	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Bush and Scowcroft removed Saddam Hussein ’s army from Kuwait in 1991 , and they deftly managed the disintegration of the Soviet Union ; Scowcroft also , on Bush ’s behalf , toasted the leaders of China shortly after the slaughter in Tiananmen Square .	40	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Until Bush took office , the Treaty was referred to as a “ cornerstone of strategic stability ” because it facilitated later agreements , reducing U.S. and Russian strategic nuclear arsenals .	22	government.agreements.n/a
Hillary Clinton 's decision to advocate for victims of sexual assault has persuaded some of her husband 's other accusers , including Juanita Broaddrick and Paula Jones McFadden , to wade into the political season .	10	life.injure.n/a
Officers arrest protestors after a demonstrator set an American flag on fire at the main entrance of the Quicken Loans Arena .	1	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Bombings targeting Shia areas , killing more than 500 people , spark fears of new sectarian conflict .	5	life.die.n/a
South Korean soldiers and passenger watch a TV broadcasting a news report on Seismic activity produced by a suspected North Korean nuclear test , at a railway station in Seoul , South Korea , September 9 , 2016 .	8	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Either we could withdraw from the world , arm ourselves to the teeth , and make ourselves into a garrison state .	3	conflict.yield.retreat
The Russians were n’t bombarding a run - of - the - mill rebel outpost , according to U.S. officials .	4	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
So if another American president would invade Panama , would invade North Korea , would invade Vietnam , that would give China superpower status because America would weaken itself , ” Shen predicted , adding : “ So [ we would be ] happy to see it . ”	6	conflict.attack.invade
New protests would “ sweep away this corrupt government and pro - Russian oligarchs who have betrayed our revolution of dignity . ” “ Russia and the oligarchs are guilty for life in Ukraine becoming worse and worse , ” said 21-year - old protester Ruslan Tymchuk , who was dressed in camouflage and wielding a bat .	29	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Its rigid Wahhabi Sunni Muslim clerical leaders treat Shi'ites as heretics , not far short of how Islamic State jihadis regard Shi’ites as idolaters to be exterminated .	26	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The Sanders campaign immediately filed suit [ PDF ] against the DNC to restore access , maintaining in a complaint that an agreement between candidates and the Committee was violated ( as it allowed for 10 days to remedy a breach ) and that the Clinton campaign was not sanctioned for identical actions in 2008 .	22	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
When the Federal Republic of Germany was established in 1949 , its founders decided against direct democracy , partly out of fear of what the direct will of the people can bring about .	7	government.formation.n/a
Rather than using a nuke — a last ditch method that could split one big deadly asteroid into many smaller deadly meteors — Betts explained that scientists would likely pummel an asteroid with spacecraft until it veered off its collision course with the planet .	39	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Trump had purchased the mansion at a bankruptcy auction less than four years earlier for $ 41.4 million , records show .	2	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
There 's no evidence that Bill Clinton ( pictured ) is sick	11	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Even before the break down of the Syrian ceasefire , Russian President Vladimir Putin suspended a treaty with Washington on cleaning up weapons - grade plutonium , signaling he was willing to use nuclear disarmament as a new bargaining chip in disputes with the United States over Ukraine and Syria .	16	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Ordinarily internal documents from FBI investigations are not made public .	5	justice.investigate.n/a
You ’re not an anti - gun advocate fighting fire with fire : in defending the legitimacy of your own gun carrying , you have become , to whatever small degree , a gun - rights advocate .	36	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
In April , an Mi-28N attack helicopter crashed while performing a flight near the city of Homs , with the Defense Ministry stressing it was not shot down .	7	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
They say the Bureau will recommend that the DOJ file Racketeering charges against Mrs. Clinton .	5	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Poll of polls : Trump now favored to win election after Democrats nominate Hillary Clinton # DNCLeak https://t.co/DOooNoC7hO # DNCinPHL — WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 29 , 2016	8	personnel.elect.winelection
What 's going to happen when the rates eventually will go up and you ca n't borrow , you absolutely ca n't borrow because it 's too expensive ?	22	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
“ The emperor assassinated , two revolutionary groups fighting , nine of his own teams kidnapped , even a helicopter captured and held for ransom .	3	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The State Department looked into this and confirmed that no classified material was sent through a non - secure fax or email . ”	19	contact.collaborate.correspondence
President John Kennedy Pledges Zionists He Will Act in Their Favor Even at the Risk of War Ambassador Kennedy discussed the subject matter for a short while with those present .	19	contact.discussion.correspondence
No one would come back at a grieving family with the ridiculous defense that you have sacrificed by employing " thousands and thousands of people . "	18	personnel.startposition.n/a
But the report played down fears that jihadists were smuggling themselves into Europe as part of the huge wave of refugees and migrants that the continent is dealing with , many of whom are fleeing the war in Syria .	9	movement.transportartifact.hide
At the same time , the ‘ moderate opposition ’ led by the US is increasing the amount of attacks on residential districts … Russia has respected its obligations to fulfill the ceasefire regime in Syria from the first minute . ”	32	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Ulbricht is the founder of the Silk Road , the first deep web black market to achieve significant popularity , and was convicted in 2015 of drug , conspiracy , and hacking charges .	22	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
A peaceful morning stroll by a group of elderly Jewish women on a promenade overlooking sweeping vistas of Jerusalem turned into a bloody nightmare when two masked terrorists stalked and stabbed two of the octogenarians in their backs .	30	conflict.attack.n/a
Costa Rica ’s foreign minister , Manuel González , said that tanks and weapons of war were ill - suited to the problems Central America faces : poverty , organized crime , human trafficking and drug trafficking .	36	movement.transportperson.n/a
The group announced it would offer a $ 20,000 reward for information about Seth Rich , a 27-year - old DNC staffer , who was shot and killed last month in what police suspect was a late - night robbery gone bad .	39	conflict.attack.n/a
The fatal attack on the Istanbul airport that took lives of 44 people and left more than 230 injured was allegedly organized by Ahmed Chataev , a Russian citizen of Chechen origin , who joined Islamic State ( IS , former ISIS / ISIL ) in 2015 and now fights in Syria , Turkish media report , citing police sources .	1	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
These funds were designed to look and act like bank accounts : one share was valued at one dollar , you could write checks and use payment cards on your accounts with them , etc .	26	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The attacks injured six members of the medical team and three civilian patients and left the population with no working medical facility .	2	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
After two events last weekend — a bombing in New York that involved a suspect who praised the Islamic State and stabbings in Minnesota for which the Islamic State has claimed credit — Trump has revived his tough talk on obliterating the terrorist group — vowing to “ utterly destroy ISIS . ”	21	conflict.attack.n/a
Last Tuesday , a US spy plane and two Chinese fighter jets came close to colliding 50 miles of Hainan island , where China ’s four Jin - Class ballistic missile submarines are based .	15	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Ukraine 's police chief Khatia Dekanoidze ( pictured ) says investigation into Sheremet 's murder is her point of honour pic.twitter.com/xZiNEd45Vy — Myroslava Petsa ( @myroslavapetsa ) 20 July 2016	10	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Dr. Henderson strenuously argued that the samples should be destroyed because , in his view , any amount of smallpox was too dangerous to tolerate .	9	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
" Many other users cursed Koteich , claiming that he should be incarcerated for being an Israeli agent . Koteich anchors DNA , a daily show broadcast on the Lebanese Future Television Network .	12	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
15/74 Iraq crisis Mourners carry the coffin of a Shi'ite volunteer from the brigades of peace , who joined the Iraqi army and was killed during clashes with militants of the Isis group in Samarra , during his funeral in Najaf	38	contact.funeralvigil.meet
Costa Rica ’s foreign minister , Manuel González , said that tanks and weapons of war were ill - suited to the problems Central America faces : poverty , organized crime , human trafficking and drug trafficking .	36	movement.transportartifact.n/a
It cited an account of a fighter who killed several children after their mother ’s effort to escape failed : The mother was then beaten and raped because she cried over their deaths .	17	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
1/11 Starvation A UN report said that policies leading to mass starvation in North Korea amounted to crimes against humanity .	11	life.injure.n/a
The case is unsolved and police have speculated it was an attempted robbery .	12	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
" We are as vulnerable as Brussels , " said Kaim , of the SWP , a think tank that advises the government and Germany 's parliament in Berlin .	20	contact.requestadvise.meet
But Louisiana also tops the world with its incarceration rate of 816 people incarcerated for every 100,000 adults in the state , according to the National Institute of Corrections .	13	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
He was fired from the CIA and jailed for a leak .	7	movement.transportperson.preventexit
After a Black Lives Matter protester was shoved , tackled , punched and kicked when he disrupted a Trump rally last fall , the GOP nominee offered this response	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Department of Homeland Security has already launched an urgent investigation into the crash , amid claims it could be a precursor to an attempt to disrupt the US Presidential election further .	13	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
We pay for juicy info !	1	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
He said unless Clinton vowed to get money out of politics , he was n't sure he could vote for her in November .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Marseille anti - semitic stabbing	4	conflict.attack.stabbing
As it happens , Clinton has pledged to massively increase spending and vastly expand Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid , so she really is not at all convinced by Simpson - Bowles .	6	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The second puppy ’s stomach is mostly full of twigs and grass , ” he said , wondering if perhaps the animals were not exclusively carnivorous or whether they started eating grass after they were trapped by a mudslide and began to starve .	42	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Last year , Mohammed Rehman was convicted of plotting a bomb attack on the anniversary of the 7/7 attacks on London .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
12/13 Counter demonstrators hold up a sign reading " Against sexism , against racism " as they protest against a demonstration of the islamophobic movement PEGIDA at the train station in Cologne , Germany , on January 9 , 2016 .	17	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
And as investigators look past Mateen 's religious convictions , Lynch said a top goal is to build a complete profile of the gunman in order to help prevent another massacre like Orlando .	30	conflict.attack.n/a
Beyond supporting his former secretary of state , Obama has many incentives to see Democrats maintain the White House and reclaim the Senate in the fall : Republicans have vowed to unwind his signature accomplishments , including his landmark health care law , his Iran nuclear deal and his renewal of diplomatic and economic ties between the United States and Cuba .	29	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
However , with recent declines in U.S. production , dependency on imports has begun creeping upward once again .	11	movement.transportartifact.n/a
He claimed his family fully support his decision to be the first human to undergo such surgery and said : ‘ If you want something to be done , you need to participate in it .	16	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
The most infamous example is Trump 's continued claim – repeated in the recent debate – that he opposed President George W. Bush 's 2003 decision to invade Iraq .	27	conflict.attack.invade
Very rarely do defendants announce , ‘ On this date I intend to break this criminal code section .	4	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
He acknowledged that there was no U.S. extradition request right now , but argued Washington was sure to make one if Snowden visited the country .	7	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Bush accused Trump of dangerously advocating too cozy a relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the Middle East .	5	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
In March 2014 , Putin signed into law a deal , according to which Ukraine 's autonomous Republic of Crimea joined the Russian Federation , following a referendum held in the peninsula .	5	government.legislate.legislate
The NSA ( not to be confused with the National Security Agency , the federal surveillance organization ) is a nonprofit devoted to obtaining and declassifying national security documents and is one of the key players in the effort to recover the supposedly lost Bush White House emails .	15	government.spy.spy
She stood up against sex trafficking of women and children , intervened in Saudi Arabia to stop child marriage , and led the fight for a U.N. Security Council resolution to combat sexual violence against women and children around the world that passed unanimously .	5	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Hide Caption 16 of 24 Photos : In the U.S. Air Force fleet C-17 Globemaster transport – The four - engine jet joined the Air Force fleet in 1993 with a primary mission of troop and cargo transport .	15	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
During that period she made a major contribution to the defence of convoy PQ17 , driving off a number of air attacks by German torpedo bombers .	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In November , Turkish jets shot down a Russian plane flying in Syria , a move described by Russian President Vladimir Putin as a " dastardly stab in the back . "	5	life.injure.n/a
" It 's very difficult to respond in a serious way to any statement that ’s made by Donald Trump , " Snowden told Al Jazeera in an interview last fall when asked how he felt about Trump calling him " a total traitor " and implying execution was a viable punishment for the whistleblower .	47	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
After a prolonged firefight , two U.S. service members were wounded and unfortunately Staff Sgt .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
Later ( and sparse ) press coverage indicates that as a courtesy to Secretary Clinton , she was given the oath privately .	20	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The amended document included a line that was present in November 2015 when the foundation announced revised federal tax filings for the four years .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The ministry said it would also ban coal shipments from North Korea , although it made exemptions consistent with sanctions , including uses intended for " the people 's well - being " and not connected to nuclear or missile programs .	8	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Fracking also has strategic implications in Europe , with US and EU officials citing concerns over dependence on oil imports from Russia , which amount to a quarter of the continent ’s consumption .	19	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Currently , over thirty countries produce industrial hemp , including Australia , Austria , Canada , Chile , China , Denmark , Egypt , Finland , France , Germany , Great Britain , Hungary , India , Italy , Japan , Korea , Netherlands , New Zealand , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Russia , Slovenia , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , Thailand , Turkey and Ukraine .	5	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Reporters in Mexico who investigate crime or corruption are often murdered , and sometimes tortured first .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The liability deepened when The New York Times reported this week that Manafort ’s name appeared on a handwritten ledger in Ukraine for secret cash payments .	25	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
AFP PHOTO / Stan HONDA ( Photo credit should read STAN HONDA / AFP / Getty Images ) Washington , UNITED STATES : Former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright testifies during a hearing before the House Foreign Affairs Committee 17 January , 2007 on Capitol Hill in Washington , DC .	30	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Extreme poverty is at historic lows , hunger and infant mortality are plummeting , life expectancy is going up , war is on the decline , education is more available , homicide rates are down , etc .	31	life.die.n/a
On Wednesday , French Prime Minister Manuel Valls joined the fray , lending his support to a host of mayors who have enacted local bans on the " burkini , " a type of Islamic swimwear .	22	government.legislate.legislate
Protesters also vandalized the offices of the holding company of Ukraine ’s richest man , Rinat Akhmetov .	2	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
According to Burdyak , consumers first finished their previously stored wine , and then , as stocks in cabinets dried out and lovers of wine and sparkling wines made sure that nothing was happening in the economy , the ruble was not strengthening and the prices of imported alcohol were not decreasing , they began to buy these types of alcohol again .	47	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Its four - plane fleet of aircraft used on international flights is surprisingly new — acquired in 2008 .	15	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Hillary will allow entrepreneurs to put their federal student loans into a special status while they get their new ventures off the ground .	9	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Clinton ’s capitulation to misguided critics of the TPP has been sad to watch .	2	conflict.yield.n/a
Even as Mayor de Blasio publicly refused to endorse Hillary Clinton last year , he privately conferred with her campaign and assured them he would not be supporting her opponent , newly released emails show .	16	contact.discussion.correspondence
Now , for the last debate of the campaign , the Trump campaign trotted out the president 's crank of a half - brother , who actually is from Kenya ; the angry mother of a man killed during the firefight in Benghazi ; and Deney Williams , whose paternity claim against the former president was settled rather definitively by a DNA test in 1999 .	40	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Starting earlier this week he kept saying that Apple should just do what the FBI wants , and then he kicked it up a notch this afternoon saying that everyone should boycott Apple until it gives in to the FBI .	31	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
An image taken from video provided by the Syrian anti - government activist group Aleppo Media Center shows 5-year - old Omran Daqneesh sitting in an ambulance after being pulled out or a building hit by an airstrike in Aleppo , Syria , on Aug. 17 .	37	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
When her progressive supporters ( including members of the UK Green Party , the official position of which was to support remaining in the EU ) balked at Stein 's interpretation of the results , she quickly overhauled the statement , stripping out words like " victory " and adding a line that claimed " before the Brexit vote I agreed with Jeremy Corbyn , Caroline Lukas , and the UK Greens who supported staying in the EU . "	58	government.vote.castvote
Last year , an Austrian judge refused to extradite him to the U.S.	8	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post , and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him .	20	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
A woman who claimed injured during the violence on Tuesday rides a scooter in Wukan , Guangdong province , China , September 14 , 2016 .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
What most Americans do n’t realize is that a few years before Obama ’s re - election , a Federal law called the Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment Act ( MOVE ) was signed into law .	33	government.legislate.legislate
South Korea has n’t recognized Russia ’s annexation of Crimea , but it also has n’t joined the U.S.-backed sanctions , Ko said .	19	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Iran executed a gay teen just last month , according to Amnesty International .	1	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
You ’ve accused the Israeli government of apartheid , assassinations , illegal settlements , blockades , defiance of international law , and you ’ve been a supporter of BDS [ the Boycott , Divestment , Sanctions movement ] .	31	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
53/74 Iraq Fighters of the Isis group parade in a commandeered Iraqi security forces armored vehicle down a main road at the northern city of Mosul	10	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who 's Online Search Forums Forums Home Private Forums Sustaining Members Stormfront Radio Show Stormfront Core Support Group Lifetime Members Next year 's Stormfront Summit Sept. 30 , 2017 Introduction to Stormfront Guidelines for Posting Introduction and FAQ Announcements New Members Introduce Yourselves Sept. 30 , 2017 : Seventh Annual Stormfront Smoky Mountain Summit News Newslinks & Articles Politics & Continuing Crises STOP WHITE GENOCIDE messages to White House Swarmfront BUGS - " Anti - racist is a codeword for anti - White ! "	70	life.die.n/a
Trump pledged on Sept. 15 that he would “ absolutely sever ” his connections with the Trump Organization if he is elected president .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
While Manafort declined to answer the newspaper ’s questions , he gave a statement to CBS ’s Major Garrett in which he said , “ The simplest answer is the truth : I am a campaign professional . ” * He said he had never worked for the governments of either Ukraine or Russia , that all of his payments had been above board , and that money went to compensate his large team of employees .	70	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Which Candidate Is Better To Combat Terrorism Within The USA ?	5	conflict.attack.n/a
He defended a 23-year - old man accused of plotting to assassinate then - President George W. Bush .	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
They had allegedly stumbled on a plot to smuggle drugs and guns from an airport in Mena , Arkansas that Bill Clinton was said to be involved in as state governor .	8	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Many of Trump 's GOP allies have been publicly apoplectic about his unorthodox ( some have argued virtually non - existent ) campaign , his contradictory statements regarding Russian President Vladimir Putin and his critical remarks about the Muslim - American parents of a slain Iraq War hero .	44	life.die.n/a
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an “ agreement ” that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy .	17	contact.commandorder.meet
Yet his debts have grown over the past year , from £ 270 million to £ 485 million ; which suggests he may have borrowed heavily .	24	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The pro - Russian leader Yanukovych fled Ukraine after police in Kiev clashed with protesters .	6	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
“ Hillary wants to abolish , essentially abolish the Second Amendment , ” he said , referring to the piece of legislation that gun rights activists claim gives them the right to bear weapons .	4	government.legislate.legislate
A 4 - 4 tie vote lets the Fifth Circuit 's approval of the district court 's injunction against Obama stand .	17	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
The International Committee for the Red Cross said aid had begun to enter the towns of Zabadani and Madaya , where there were reports of starvation earlier this year due to a siege by government forces and their allies .	25	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Armenians say up to 1.5 million were killed between 1915 and 1917 in a targeted campaign of genocide by top Ottoman officials to wipe out their people from Anatolia .	17	life.die.n/a
Seal Team Six is not a mafia hit squad , primed to assassinate eight - year - olds and their mothers at schools and playgrounds .	12	life.die.n/a
Former campaign chair Paul Manafort was a longtime consultant for former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , a Putin ally who sought asylum in Russia after civil unrest in his own country forced him to flee .	34	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
How long did the firefight last ?	4	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Video shows the crowd outside Donald Trump 's Asheville , N.C , rally , reacting after a man allegedly punched a 69-year - old woman who was protesting the candidate on Sept. 12 .	27	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
Clinton reaffirmed her opposition to the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a trade deal negotiated under Obama that she supported as secretary of state .	14	contact.negotiate.meet
" The bears live in the Arctic , you know — we ca n’t ban them from hanging around , " station supervisor Vasily Shevchenko told NBC News by telephone from the northern city of Arkhangelsk .	29	contact.collaborate.n/a
Kelsey Davenport , director for nonproliferation policy at the Arms Control Association in Washington , argued that stiffening existing sanctions , while sending a political message , would be insufficient .	19	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Reports in the US revealed the second attack killed Syrian rebels giving first aid to those hurt in the first attack .	16	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
According to court records , Kapur testified that he did not purchase the companies for himself , but did so on behalf of ThinkStrategy clients so “ they could avoid Know Your Customer requirements , ” governing information financial firms must collect about their customers .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
After a prolonged firefight , two U.S. service members were wounded and unfortunately Staff Sgt .	3	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In the past week , hundreds of people were killed in the heavy bombing of Aleppo , including more than 50 people killed in a hospital run by Doctors Without Borders .	22	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The video affirmed that Isis ( Daesh ) believe that it is their religious duty to destroy the Egyptian pyramids and Sphinx .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
In recent weeks , political tensions have risen and President Petro Poroshenko this week urged Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk , a key figure of the 2014 protests , to resign along with his government .	14	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Amman : Russian air strikes on Syria have killed nearly 1,400 civilians since Moscow started its aerial campaign nearly four months ago , a group monitoring the war said on Saturday .	4	conflict.attack.bombing
Life behind bars in Klong Prem Central prison , where Justo is incarcerated , is not for the fainthearted .	12	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Heavily - armed terrorists sneaked into an army camp in Uri and slaughtered the 17 soldiers before all four attackers were killed .	12	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But of all the character flaws that have damaged Trump 's candidacy in the final stretch of the campaign , his insistent lying has n't hurt him much .	22	contact.prevarication.correspondence
The broadcasts , which include " K - pop " music and statements critical of the Kim government , began on Friday and are considered an insult by Pyongyang .	1	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Smith , who has covered Cruz throughout his career , read back the harshest things Cruz had said about Trump and recalled the morning of the Indiana primary , when Cruz unloaded on Trump over months of personal attacks culminating in a false accusation that Cruz 's father was linked to John F. Kennedy 's assassin .	31	movement.transportperson.n/a
“ It would seem the coalition is responsible for twice as many civilian casualties as all other forces put together , virtually all as a result of airstrikes , ” said U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra’ad al Hussein , in the aftermath of that attack .	27	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
( USA Today ) San Francisco 49ers player Bruce Miller was cut from the team after he punched a 70-year - old man and his son outside their hotel room .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Chinese government plans to invest over US$ 100 billion to construct about seven new reactors annually between now and 2030 .	11	manufacture.artifact.build
“ He ’s trying to appeal to David Duke and the racists of the world , ” Rep. Gregory Meeks ( D - N.Y. ) said on a conference call convened by the Clinton campaign .	30	contact.discussion.meet
Dozens of Republicans to urge RNC to cut off funds for Trump The open letter pushes the RNC to shift resources to Senate and House races .	4	contact.commandorder.meet
“ And among those highly engaged in politics – who vote regularly and either volunteer for or donate to campaigns – fully 70 percent of Democrats and 62 percent of Republicans say they are afraid of the other party . ” Negative feelings towards opposing parties are often more powerful than positive feelings about one ’s own : 16 percent of Republicans and 20 percent of Democrats say they “ almost always ” agree with their party ’s policy stances .	17	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Trump questioned Fields 's explanation and questioned the legitimacy of the bruises on her arm in a photo she tweeted after the incident .	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
5/10 A general view of attendees and mount Ararat during the laying of the flowers at the Genocide Memorial in Yerevan Getty Images	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
January 29 , 2015 - Car bombs and mortar rounds target army and police positions in - Car bombs and mortar rounds target army and police positions in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , killing at least 26 and wounding nearly 40 others .	38	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
An exercise in May involved a fake suicide bomber ' detonating ' explosives inside Manchester 's sprawling Trafford centre , sending 800 ' victims ' running for cover .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
After endless concessions to Russian demands meant to protect and preserve the genocidal regime of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad , last month we finally capitulated to a deal in which we essentially joined Russia in that objective .	26	conflict.yield.surrender
More than 1 million refugees – many from war - torn Syria – have arrived in Germany over the past year , many attracted by Merkel ’s claim that she would not put a limit on the number who could settle in the country .	10	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
( CNN ) A former U.S. Army officer who was part of a Vanderbilt University tour group was stabbed to death in a terror attack that left 10 others wounded in an old section of Tel Aviv , officials said Tuesday .	18	conflict.attack.stabbing
“ There were more than 20 years of effort by Russia and China to get the United States to agree to a treaty that would ban all kinds of anti - satellite activities , ” Postol , emeritus professor of science , technology and security policy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , argued .	22	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Several of Clinton ’s old BlackBerry phones that Hanley purchased also were not turned over to the FBI .	9	transaction.transferownership.n/a
" They 're being slaughtered because of bad decisions , " Trump said .	4	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Meanwhile , the regime 's detention program — a squalid prison system where , according to the UN report , torture and summary executions are deliberate and commonplace — is ongoing .	23	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The airdrops come as the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) - a US - backed coalition of armed groups led by the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) - mobilises in Aleppo around the border town of Manbij , a suspected supply route for ISIL .	44	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
The Washington Post 's David Fahrenthold spent weeks contacting charities in hopes of tracking down the “ millions ” Trump says he has donated to various organizations over the past seven years .	23	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Trump has said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict	21	conflict.attack.n/a
Kaine noted that Clinton " worked with Russia on the new START treaty to reduce their nuclear weapons stockpile . "	12	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Link The bullet pierced the roof of the media centre at Rio 's equestrian centre .	3	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Experts also advise having different passwords for different sites , instead of relying on one , which if hacked , could prove particularly serious .	2	contact.requestadvise.meet
After endless concessions to Russian demands meant to protect and preserve the genocidal regime of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad , last month we finally capitulated to a deal in which we essentially joined Russia in that objective .	5	contact.commandorder.n/a
At their formative convention in Omaha in 1892 , party officials issued demands that came to be known as the Omaha Platform .	12	contact.commandorder.correspondence
The end result is a weaker president once elected . ”	8	personnel.elect.winelection
The law was widely condemned and campaigners have called for a boycott of Russia during the Sochi Winter Olympics .	11	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Another client of HSBC Geneva to donate to the Clinton foundation is Denise Rich , the ex - wife of the late billionaire and commodities trader Marc Rich , who fled to Switzerland in 1983 after being indicted by US authorities for tax evasion , fraud and racketeering .	30	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
“ He is really very much of a leader , ” Mr. Trump said of a man who has overseen the murder of his domestic political opponents and critical journalists , the rigging of elections , a global campaign of disinformation and a foreign policy whose first aim is to increase Russian influence at U.S. expense .	21	life.die.n/a
He appealed for a new shipment of flares to be sent , somehow , to the distant outpost .	5	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
JILL STEIN : So , the other piece of this is that moving to 100 percent renewable energy means we no longer need and can no longer justify wars for oil , which , mind you , have cost us $ 6 trillion since 2001 , when you include the cost of caring for our wounded soldiers , $ 6 trillion .	55	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
LAUSANNE , Switzerland Syria talks convened by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in the Swiss city of Lausanne on Saturday evening failed to agree on a common strategy with Russia to end the conflict in Syria , now in its sixth year .	5	contact.discussion.meet
Crimean Tatars , an indigenous Muslim minority , largely boycotted the vote , activists and independent media reports said .	9	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The Russian military says it hopes the US - led coalition will not allow Islamic State terrorists holding Mosul to flee the city and go to Syria .	20	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Women were raped and enslaved , children beheaded and brainwashed , and men slaughtered — all because they were considered not as Islamic or pious or religiously pure as the ISIS invaders .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Gilbert Chagoury , a Lebanese - Nigerian billionaire who owns Africa ’s largest construction company , donated millions to the foundation and in 2009 pledged $ 1 billion to the Clinton Global Initiative , an offshoot .	16	transaction.transferownership.n/a
And we do things for other countries and they do n’t buy from us .	11	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Also , he has argued unsuccessfully in British courts that the investigation has been a ruse to extradite him to Sweden so he could then be extradited to the United States to face reported but still - secret U.S. charges .	39	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
According to the Russian news website ZNAK the president of the Russian Federation , Vladimir Putin has issued a command that all Russian officials must immediately fly home all members of their family who are currently living abroad .	19	contact.commandorder.meet
And more than 130 Palestinian homes have been demolished .	8	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
March 29 , nine P.M. : Trump appears at a CNN town hall in Milwaukee and suggests that Fields could have tried to attack him with either a “ little bomb ” or a “ knife , ” justifying Lewandowski ’s actions .	30	conflict.attack.n/a
The blacklisting of North Korea under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 is mostly symbolic , since the ban would prohibit Washington from providing non - humanitarian , non - trade - related assistance to embargoed countries .	36	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In November last year , Russia and Iran agreed to develop economic ties , with Moscow promising to provide a $ 5 billion state loan to Tehran for the promotion of industrial cooperation .	24	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
The Blackstone Group donated between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 to the Clinton Foundation , donor records show .	3	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
" Finally , I did raise the case of Nadia Savchenko and her conviction and her sentencing with hopes that she will be allowed to return to Ukraine and as a matter of humanitarian interest that this case could be resolved immediately , as well as all others who are unlawfully detained , " Kerry said .	51	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
And a peace offensive basically consists of a weapons embargo , because they 're mostly coming from the U.S. We can begin this weapons embargo , and we can also impound the funding that is the bank account of the countries that are funding terrorism .	9	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
He also has friends who have been addicted to drugs and knew about the illegal immigration problem when D.C. elites were clueless .	15	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
The billionaire business magnate enraged millions by proposing Muslims be banned from entering the US and has been condemned for his comments about immigration and Mexican migrants , with one of his most infamous pledges being to build a “ big beautiful wall ” between the US and Mexico .	7	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
“ This new structure is known as the Trans - Pacific Partnership Commission — a Pacific Union — which meets , appoints unelected bureaucrats , adopts rules , and changes the agreement after adoption . ”	21	personnel.startposition.hiring
In addition , information hacked by foreign intelligence services or Guccifer - like hackers can also provide useful grist for leverage or blackmail .	22	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal — the billionaire who aided Trump during his corporate bankruptcies in the 1990s by purchasing his yacht , which provided him with desperately needed cash — sent out a tweet amid the outcry in Dubai , calling the Republican candidate a “ disgrace . ” ( Alwaleed is a prodigious tweeter and Twitter ’s second largest shareholder . )	18	transaction.transferownership.purchase
In recent weeks , Trump has put a spotlight on Chicago 's slayings and shootings , contending streets are safer in Afghanistan and calling the city " war - torn " during Monday night 's debate .	29	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
It advised its corrupt fixers to not wire funds using US dollars and to use companies “ not having the name Iran in it ” .	8	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
His trial showed that he had also arranged for money to be smuggled in private cars from Iraq into Jordan and had been involved in sellingJordanian citizenship to Iraqi businessmen .	12	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
" The people in South Carolina do n’t want to nominate another deal - maker , someone who will give in and capitulate and give up on our principles .	22	conflict.yield.surrender
Mr. Snowden says the CIA orchestrated the fake death of the former leader of Al Qaeda , while he was actually transported with his family in an undisclosed location in the Bahamas .	21	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
TheDCNF ’s Mark Tapscott and Richard Pollock reported in recent weeks that the Clinton Foundation deceived the IRS with respect to its tax status , and that the Foundation often does not abide by good governance practices common to charities .	15	contact.prevarication.meet
Marjorie Esman , the director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Louisiana , condemned the arrests as unlawful in a statement : The Baton Rouge police used violent , militarized tactics on groups of people who have gathered peacefully in protest of Alton Sterling ’s killing .	16	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
In the New York Times Magazine , Rhodes — and , by extension , the president he continues to work for — confessed to misleading the media , members of Congress , and the American people , all in service of a truly massive re - alignment of the nation ’s interests and security .	24	contact.prevarication.n/a
While Clinton was severely injured , we also see that Commander Job W. Price was killed on that flight .	15	life.die.n/a
Carroll quit amid the hostilities in 2005 , which meant Baquet , who succeeded him , earned an EIC title for the first time in his career — a major achievement , but also a burden , since Baquet would now be the one expected to trim the ranks .	1	personnel.endposition.n/a
We can never let Wall Street wreck Main street again .	6	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Morell said in 2014 , the Federal Bureau of Investigation testified to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence that it believed " the video was a motivation in this attack .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
The farmers and truckers interviewed said they had seen their produce rejected on flimsy grounds , but decided against challenging the ruling with the US department of agriculture ’s dispute mechanism for fear of being boycotted by powerful supermarket giants .	35	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
She oversaw significant accomplishments , from building a global coalition to impose crippling sanctions against Iran , to brokering a ceasefire in Gaza and protecting Israel , to supporting President Obama ’s decision to bring Osama bin Laden to justice , and much more .	13	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Hide Caption 72 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city Kurdish security forces detain a suspected member of ISIS in the eastern suburbs of Kirkuk on Saturday , October 22 .	21	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
In 2008 , the bank asked for Trump to make payments on a $ 640 million construction loan for the Chicago tower given by a Deutsche - led group of lenders .	17	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Former Mayor Michael Bloomberg blasts ‘ demagogue ’ Donald Trump	4	conflict.attack.n/a
Mr. Roldugin used the money to import musical instruments , Mr. Putin said .	6	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Editor ’s note : A previous version of this story said the Agalarovs ’ fortune was built in part through state - funded construction projects ; it has been updated to reflect the Agalarovs ’ statement that they have yet to make money from contracts for state - funded projects .	22	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
But the real threat to our sovereignty is n’t imports or immigrants .	9	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
There were more jobs , falling unemployment , increased purchasing power , and her government had presided over the largest pension increase in 23 years , she said .	9	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
And I ’ve been endorsed largely , conceptually at least , by the military and by the vets , " he continued . In September , Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , won the endorsement of 88 retired generals and admirals who publicly expressed their support in a joint letter . However , he has also faced heavy opposition from military figures .	38	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The ransomware encrypts users’ files and requires a ransom to decrypt them , and blackmails users by threatening to send their browsing history to all their contacts .	14	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
She kicked a boy and a girl and later tried to trip a man carrying a boy .	1	life.injure.n/a
Domestic violence is currently punishable by fines of up to 40,000 rubles ( £ 457 ) or two years in jail , but women 's rights groups point out this is rarely enforced .	20	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Even during the period in 2014 when isis was executing its American captives in Syria , his emotions were in check .	9	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
During his speech Trump proposed “ extreme vetting ” of Muslim immigrants and visitors to the United States , vowing once more to block those who sympathize with extremist groups or do n't embrace American values .	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
June 26 , 2015 -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before launching an attempted suicide attack at a U.S.-owned chemical factory near Lyon in southeastern France .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
And we accomplished it without firing a single shot , dropping a single bomb or putting a single American soldier in harm ’s way .	21	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" She and her fellows blew up two of them but the last was very close to her when it exploded , " Commander Shirin Abdullah , YPJ spokeswoman , said .	20	conflict.attack.bombing
Yes , the U.S. government in October 2002 produced a National Intelligence Estimate that appeared to suggest Iraq had chemical and biological weapons and a nuclear - weapons program .	8	manufacture.artifact.n/a
The UN ’s human rights office has called on the government to halt Mr Ali ’s execution and to launch a re - trial “ in compliance with international standards ” .	16	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
( Marina Lopes and Dom Phillips ) North Korea 's Kim Jong - un executed his deputy premier of education and sent other top aides to re - education camps .	14	life.die.n/a
But a growing chorus of Democrats — and some Republicans — are urging Obama to take public action in response to mounting evidence that Russia may have orchestrated Friday ’s leak of the stolen emails in order to benefit GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald TrumpLewandowski near ' high six - figure book deal ' : report GOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Overnight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data MORE .	12	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
" China urges North Korea not to take any more actions that could exacerbate tensions , and return as soon as possible to the correct direction of denuclearisation , " Zhang said .	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
India is negotiating with U.S. Export - Import Bank for an $ 8 - 9 billion loan to finance six Westinghouse Electric nuclear reactors , two sources familiar with the talks said , although a lending freeze at the trade agency threatens progress .	35	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Szyszko last week dismissed 32 of 39 scientific experts on the State Council for Nature Conservation after they criticized the logging plan .	3	personnel.endposition.n/a
Yet his debts have grown over the past year , from £ 270 million to £ 485 million ; which suggests he may have borrowed heavily .	24	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Michael Dukakis was ready to talk about his opposition to the death penalty , for example , but he was not ready for Bernard Shaw to ask whether he ’d favor the death penalty for a man who raped and murdered his wife .	32	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
or the Justice Department is even certain yet whether any of the emails included national security material or was relevant to the investigation into whether Mrs. Clinton had mishandled classified material in her use of a private email server .	22	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Reporters bombarded Ryan , who also criticized the remarks last week , with questions about Trump at an event intended to discuss solutions for poverty as part of the House GOP policy agenda .	1	conflict.attack.n/a
U.S. Voting System So ‘ Clunky ’ It Is Insulated From Hacking , FBI Director Says	1	government.vote.violationspreventvote
Child pornography should be banned , since its production involves harm to children .	10	life.injure.n/a
“ We pay tribute to the firefighter who lost his life fighting the blaze .	13	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Clinton 's tendency to offer legalistic responses was perhaps most vividly on display during the first debate , when Trump accused her of flip - flopping on the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a pending trade deal that Clinton had called the " gold standard " while serving as secretary of state but came out against in the midst of a heated Democratic nominating contest with Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont .	16	contact.negotiate.meet
Geer , 40 , of the Mesa County Sheriff 's Office died February 8 after he was shot as he tried to detain a man in Grand Junction .	22	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Plans for an operation to capture Raqqa , the de facto capital of the Islamic State ’s self - styled ­caliphate , are on hold because of tensions between Kurds and ­Arabs over who would participate and how to govern the city after it has been taken .	5	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Clinton spent much of her time criticizing Trump ’s plan as “ trickle - down economics . ” But when she discussed her own plan , she embraced an explicitly liberal vision of higher taxes on the wealthy , both as a matter of fairness and as a way of funding her other policy priorities such as paid family leave and debt - free college .	50	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Except the Mein Kampf copy , several other artifacts are to be auctioned off , including Hitler ’s dessert forks and plates as well as personal cocktail and water glasses .	12	transaction.transferownership.purchase
You can read more about it in an article dated July 28 , 2016 by IWB entitled HIGH TREASON : Hillary Sells Arms to Qatar , Transfers 20 % of US Uranium Production To Russia , Sides With BLM Over Land Grab , Receives TONS of Money from Nigerian Terrorist Billionaire .	40	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The Republican nominee also urged his supporters to ‘ watch ’ cities with big African American populations on election day to prevent a ‘ rigged ’ election	4	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Ted Cruz and others have said that the United States should refuse all refugees except Christians , while Donald Trump recently promised his supporters that he would look Syrian children in the faces and say , “ You ca n’t come here . ’ ”	21	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Said that handling sexual harassment has to be “ up to the individual ” and said if his daughter were sexually harassed at work , he ’d just tell her to quit	31	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Cooper had purchased her a MacBook laptop in 2008 , but he did n’t think she ’d ever used it .	2	transaction.transferownership.purchase
This gets closer to the deepest suspicion surrounding Trump : Because his multiple bankruptcies have made him un - creditworthy — banks do n’t like lending money to people who make a practice of not paying back the loans — he has had to turn to unconventional sources .	25	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The Wall Street Journal reported that “ at least 60 companies that lobbied the State Department during her [ Hillary Clinton ’s ] tenure as Secretary of State donated a total of more than $ 26 million to the Clinton Foundation . ”	28	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Still , few career diplomats say political appointees should be abolished altogether .	10	government.legislate.legislate
The top Democrat in the Senate on Sunday accused FBI director James Comey of violating federal law by showing favoritism to “ one political party over another ” by publicly stating that he had been made aware of new evidence in the Clinton email investigation .	8	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Khan 's son was killed while serving in Iraq .	4	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
That 's when SpaceX 's rocket exploded shortly after launch , destroying an unmanned spacecraft carrying supplies to the International Space Station .	6	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
People leave the Olympia mall in Munich , southern Germany , Friday , July 22 , 2016 after several people have been killed in a shooting	25	life.injure.n/a
Later , Obama convenes the National Security Council at CIA Headquarters in Langley , Va. and then makes a statement to the press pool .	3	contact.discussion.n/a
Ilona Bogen , who immigrated from Lithuania about 15 years ago , is one of the few in Mayfield Heights likely to support Hillary Clinton .	4	movement.transportperson.n/a
As to how exactly the FSB obtained these “ beyond top secret ” Secretary Hillary Clinton emails this report does n’t say , but it is important to note that the former US Defense Secretary , Robert Gates , did recently acknowledge that they were in the possession of Russia and , just yesterday , the US State Department was forced to admit that 22 “ top secret ” emails were found on her private email server she had previously told the American were n’t there because she deleted them .	6	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Despite repeated warnings of Russians developing hypersonic cruise - missile engines , new radar equipment , and acquiring other sensitive technology from the West , the State Department did not threaten to pull these companies out of the project if the Russians did n’t stop using Skolkovo for military research .	17	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The Republican National Committee , which sanctions and helps organize the official debates , vowed late Thursday not to intervene in Trump ’s dispute with Fox .	12	contact.discussion.meet
" So : reducing the number of polling stations , massive funding of those supporting the authorities ' point of view .	11	transaction.transaction.n/a
That ’s what the nuclear deal — negotiated by the United States , Iran , and five other powers ( England , France , Russia , China , and Germany)—was all about .	7	contact.discussion.meet
NEW YORK — Russian media mogul Mikhail Lesin died of wounds to the head , the D.C. medical examiner 's office said Thursday .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Four days before Clinton officially jumped in the race , retired banker Herb Sandler got an email from a Washington fundraiser working for Priorities USA Action who introduced himself as " the Finance Director for Hillary Clinton 's superpac , " according a message Sandler forwarded to Podesta .	10	personnel.endposition.n/a
Cratering wages and soaring rents , a legal environment that increasingly denies even basic rights to everybody but corporations and the rich , an economy rigged to load ever - increasing costs on working people while funneling all the benefits to those who already have too much — well , you can fill in the list as well as I can .	4	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
In return for the loyalty Kadyrov has pledged to Moscow , critics say he has been allowed a free hand to run the republic .	7	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
“ After weeks of attacking each other in campaign commercials , former Sen. Evan Bayh and GOP Rep. Todd Young directly accused each other of not representing Hoosiers ’ interests in their [ sole debate ] … Young repeatedly charged Bayh , a Democrat , with following the orders of Washington insiders and looking out for himself .	34	contact.discussion.meet
And , so when it came time after they had taken the incoming rockets , taken the assaults and ambushes on their soldiers and they called and told me , I was in Cambodia , that they were getting ready to have to invade Gaza again because they could n’t find anybody to talk to tell them to stop it , I flew all night , I got there , I negotiated that .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" If the latter , it would be very disappointing to find China sacrificing the CUES annex for political gamesmanship . "	16	government.formation.mergegpe
Rich and his wife , Mary Ann , who live in Nebraska where their son grew up , visited the location of the shooting last week and appealed for help in finding the killer .	23	life.die.n/a
Writing for Foreign Policy online , Micah Zenko notes “ just hours into the intervention , Tomahawk cruise missiles launched from a British submarine stationed in the Mediterranean Sea struck an administrative building in [ Khadafy ’s ] Bab al - Azizia compound . ” A senior military official insisted “ [ Khadafy ’s ] not on a targeting list . ”	29	conflict.attack.bombing
He vows to tear them up , negotiate better deals , or start a trade war with China if necessary .	7	contact.discussion.meet
John McCain John McCainMcCain : North Korean regime murdered Otto Warmbier GOP defense spending battle delays Republican budget Otto Warmbier , US student held in North Korea for 17 months , dies MORE ( R - Ariz . ) and Kelly Ayotte Kelly AyotteKelly Ayotte joins defense contractor 's board of directors Week ahead : Comey firing dominates Washington GOP senators pitch Merrick Garland for FBI director MORE ( R - N.H. ) in their reelection bids , following in the footsteps of his running mate , Donald Trump Donald TrumpLewandowski near ' high six - figure book deal ' : report GOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Overnight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data MORE .	56	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Since the Syrian army 's assault against rebel - held Aleppo began in late September , Russian and government bombardment has killed more than 370 people , including 68 children , according to an Observatory toll .	5	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The ransomware encrypts users ’ files and requires a ransom to decrypt them , and blackmails users by threatening to send their browsing history to all their contacts .	15	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Clinton 's campaign is running an ad in Connecticut featuring the daughter of the slain principal at Sandy Hook Elementary :	14	life.die.n/a
Sessions and his allies have called , for example , for ending the visa lottery that allows about 50,000 people a year to immigrate and has been a major way for people to come to the U.S. from Africa and Asia .	23	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
And this is from the previous debate .	6	contact.discussion.meet
Sensing an opening , Trump sent out a flurry of tweets criticizing Sanders for shifting his support to Clinton – and urging Sanders supporters to “ fight . ”	21	contact.requestadvise.meet
In addition to traveling to the country and attending Ortega ’s rally , Sanders ’s Progressive Coalition on the board of aldermen passed a 1985 resolution pledging Burlington would defy President Ronald Reagan ’s embargo of Nicaragua .	34	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
But he and other top GOP leaders , including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan , made little indication they would withdraw support for the Republican candidate .	25	conflict.yield.retreat
Before he was told he had failed , however , other people in the room were told they had passed the preliminary test and were set to work composing comments on two English - language articles about Ukraine – one by the New York Times and another by CNN .	28	manufacture.artifact.n/a
But the cease - fire crumbled after the United States accidentally struck Syrian troops while targeting ISIS and an aid convoy was destroyed in an airstrike suspected to be carried out by Russia or the Syrian regime .	25	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
And everywhere you went and with everyone you talked to , there were discussions that just did n't come up before : about what the teachers were fighting for , what the community needed , how Emanuel and the city were ready to wreck the schools and everything else .	43	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Traditionalists can rest assured that forecast demand means ferries would continue to run , and most cargo would still be transported across the water .	20	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
According to notes from her interview with the authorities that were released by the FBI last Friday , Clinton said she believed them to be paragraph markers , given that the emails lacked a classified heading .	5	contact.discussion.meet
The 19-year - old college student is accused of stabbing to death Michelle Mishcon , 53 , and her husband , John Stevens III , 59 ( pictured together ) before reportedly biting pieces of flesh off of the man 's face	9	conflict.attack.n/a
So money has flowed from China into the United States — both from the Chinese government ’s purchases of United States Treasury bonds and more recently in the form of direct investment from Chinese companies into the United States .	17	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Officials are saying that a suitcase bomb was detonated at Brussels Airport and another bomb was detonated in the metro system .	8	conflict.attack.bombing
The escalation comes as Russia struggles financially , beset by low oil prices , Western sanctions and a falling ruble .	15	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Dozens killed and wounded in Kabul demo twin suicide attack.#Afghanistanpic.twitter.com / HNL7gUgjEi — Pajhwok Afghan News ( @pajhwok ) July 23 , 2016	3	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
As she sought to burnish her image as an advocate of working America , Mrs. Clinton declared her opposition to the Trans - Pacific Partnership , Mr. Obama ’s 12-nation trade pact , and distanced herself from Nafta , which her husband signed into law .	42	government.legislate.legislate
The Yaroslavsky shooting was a mass murder that occurred in Yaroslavsky , Primorsky Krai , Russia on August 25 , 2002 , when 40-year - old police captain Sergey Semidovskiy ( Russian : Сергей Семидовский ) killed five people and wounded ten others in and outside a bar with a Saiga carbine , after an argument with several customers .	2	life.injure.n/a
Critics of the sanctuary laws say such policies encourage people to immigrate to the U.S. illegally at the expense of citizens .	11	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
“ If the United States got along with Russia , would n’t be so bad , ” he said Wednesday , uttering not a word about Mr. Putin ’s land grabs .	29	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The issue will be discussed in the coming months as part of the budget discussions , the prime minister 's office said .	4	contact.discussion.meet
" Obama - Clinton have single - handedly destabilized the Middle East , handed Iraq , Libya and Syria to ISIS , and allowed our personnel to be slaughtered at Benghazi . "	28	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
We need to attack systematic racism because there is no doubt that African Americans are often arrested , charged , convicted and incarcerated for doing the exactly the same thing as white Americans do .	22	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The same day , CNN published a 2005 radio interview in which Trump said that owning beauty pageants meant he could go backstage to see women naked under the auspices of “ inspecting ” things .	32	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Ukrainian general prosecutor has confirmed that Pavel Sheremet was murdered — an explosive device was found in the car .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
At a campaign rally in Portsmouth , N.H. , on Oct 15 , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said the election was being rigged by " corrupt media " and added that the media is pushing " false allegations " and " lies " regarding sex assault claims against him .	46	conflict.attack.n/a
President Obama used his weekly address to talk about the mass shooting in Orlando and urge lawmakers to revisit the issue of gun control .	11	life.die.n/a
publishers Verlag Franz Eher in Munich , 1927 … in a finely - grained red leather cover with four raised hubs on the spine , ” the auction ’s listing says .	27	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
And it 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated .	41	movement.transportperson.n/a
MORE on Sunday said people should n't politicize the Orlando , Fla. , nightclub shooting that left 49 dead and 53 injured .	14	conflict.attack.firearmattack
The rise of the group also can be attributed to its savvy in using social media to recruit fighters and followers and its ability to reap millions , including through smuggling oil .	30	movement.transportperson.hide
“ The equipment they have is encrypted and sufficiently sophisticated that anyone going through it would not find any evidence of the work they ’re doing . ” Only one investigator , a Syrian woman , who was captured more than two years ago , is currently detained by the Syrian regime .	47	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
At the same time some Jewish groups have labeled Soros , a child survivor of the Holocaust , as anti - Israel . The Soros page on DC Leaks ’ website , in broken English , notes Soros ’ Hungarian Jewish roots .	16	life.die.n/a
HANOI The United States announced a complete end to its arms embargo on Vietnam on Monday , a historic step that draws a line under the two countries ' earlier enmity and underscores their shared concerns about China 's growing military clout .	11	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Through NAFTA , though illegal coups and CIA - sponsored regime changes , and through the drug wars .	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Or the tens of millions donated by the same Middle Eastern nations — Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Kuwait — that Hillary has publicly denounced for supporting terrorism ( not to mention criminalizing gay sex ) .	5	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Donald Trump Jr. was given the honor of making the announcement , and he promised his father would put the Empire State in play in November .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In December , Ireland ’s National Drug - Related Deaths Index showed drug poisoning deaths involving legal highs increased from six in 2010 to 28 in 2013 .	13	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
" Hillary wants to abolish -- essentially abolish the Second Amendment .	7	government.legislate.legislate
But an airstrike last month killed more than a dozen Somali government soldiers , who were American allies against the Shabab .	2	conflict.attack.n/a
The water gets hotter and well , you start fighting like nobody 's business to kick out everyone you can .	15	life.injure.n/a
This is no minor skirmish : American - Turkish relations are one of the most important national security issues for the United States .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
Then , his famous 2007 « troop surge in Iraq » utterly failed to produce peace and to end the sectarian war the US and its allies had generated by their thoroughly counter - productive and shameful invasion against a nation that ( like Libya ) had n’t invaded nor threatened to invade the United States – nor its allies .	52	conflict.attack.invade
But former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein was known to have acquired the same Russian - made system in the 1980s , as did Libyan strongman Moammar Gaddafi .	10	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
But when Trump questions the peaceful transfer of power ; when he , essentially , says he will only accept the election results if he wins ; when his supporters talk of assassinating Clinton if she becomes president and of blood flowing in the streets if Trump does n’t ; the moment I ’m transported to is not a Russian one , but an American one .	32	life.die.n/a
Reddit user The_Donald also constructed a timeline that links Rich to the Clintons , as pointed out by Heat Street .	4	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE on Friday argued the Republican Party will " split apart " if Donald Trump Donald TrumpLewandowski near ' high six - figure book deal ' : report GOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Overnight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data MORE wins the GOP nomination .	52	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Mike Pence , who said , " Provocations by Russia need to be met with American strength and that if Russia continues to be involved in airstrikes along with the Syrian government forces of Assad , the United States of America should be prepared to use military force to strike the military targets of the Assad regime . "	26	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Trump boasted that his annual personal financial disclosure form is “ the largest in the history of the FEC . ” He claims that his net worth has increased since his last disclosure was filed in July and that his annual income is more than $ 557 million , not including dividends , interest , capital gains , rents and royalties .	58	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
And to decide whether we the people are guilty of violating their sacrosanct right to future profits — since when is the right of future profit - making a sacrosanct right of corporations that trumps our right to democracy ?	8	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Veteran war reporter Jacqueline Sutton , 50 , was found hanged in a cubicle at Ataturk airport in Istanbul after she missed a connecting flight to Iraq last October .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
Assange has been living in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London for four years to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning on suspicion of rape .	28	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
But then the Air Force would be too small for all the training exercises , international deployments , and combat operations that the Pentagon requires of it , according to Robert Work , the deputy defense secretary .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
It ’s the latest reflection of deep concern among voting rights advocates about potential voter intimidation and suppression this fall .	14	government.vote.n/a
John Nilsson - Wright , the head of the Asia program at the London - based think tank Chatham House , said western intelligence agencies would want to question Thae about Kim ’s leadership and what happened to members of the previous government who media said were executed , the Guardian reported .	47	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The official attributed the shipping error to Lockheed ’s freight forwarders , and said the US was working with Lockheed to get the device back .	9	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
" You know what we call a person like that , you know , the screamers , the yellers , the people who try to intimidate you ?	25	contact.threatencoerce.meet
A live video feed allows the drone operators to inspect the damage after the strike .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The email shows Hillary Clinton ’s office outlining how Mrs. Clinton must be given full credit for what took place in Libya before and after the fall of the Gaddafi regime – a fall that resulted in a missing 1.5 billion dollars sent to Libya by Hillary Clinton , the subsequent death of four Americans , including the first U.S. ambassador to die on duty in more than thirty years , and thousands more deaths as Libya descended into anarchy .	62	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Yes , I ’ll vote for a third party that is polling less than 10 % right now .	4	government.vote.castvote
Paul LePage ( R ) now says he 's not going to quit after suggesting he might earlier this week .	12	personnel.endposition.n/a
Instead Clinton now plans to stay home and prepare for the upcoming debates , while her advisers to discuss how to move beyond arguably the worst weekend of the campaign .	12	contact.negotiate.correspondence
About 5,500 people are due to be transported from Norway to Russia .	7	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
“ For organizations that have not had a compromise assessment done , that is one of the things we often recommend . ”	20	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Khan also noted that Trump ’s proposals , which include a return to torture and the killing of families whose relatives are suspected of terrorism , would violate basic principles of the constitution .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The hard evidence , however , shows that Hillary Clinton did not lie , rather those charging her have distorted her testimony , or claimed she had information she simply did not have at the time she testified .	37	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
“ As the son of a veteran , the father of four sons who have served in the military , and a veteran myself , I am deeply disappointed that our commander in chief would threaten to use a veto of the National Defense Authorization Act as a ‘ weapon ’ against Speaker Paul Ryan and congressional Republicans , ” he said in a statement .	35	contact.threatencoerce.meet
The girl 's mum was later seen being taken away by paramedics after being told her daughter had been decapitated .	19	life.die.n/a
It simply means the same anonymous sources Fox News quotes ( saying Clinton will end up in jail after this investigating is over ) have been asked their opinion .	17	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions but that 's not what we 're deciding now .	9	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
For one thing , they ’re too late ; the demography of the country has probably already shifted too far to make restricting immigration , or winning elections on such a platform , possible .	26	personnel.elect.winelection
A small portion belongs to business people who keep some of their wealth offshore for fear it will be confiscated .	19	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
But now with the U.S. promising to continue patrolling the skies over Hasakah , he finds himself backing into a no - fly zone regardless .	5	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
It gives to charities that rent Trump ’s ballrooms .	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
( That “ blockade ” was , in reality , a policy whereby Israel insisted on examining all imports passing through Gaza , so as to prevent the ruling Hamas government , which has sworn its permanent allegiance to the destruction of Israel and the genocide of Jews , from importing weaponry from abroad ) .	18	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Channel One , Rossiya-1 and NTV , which serve as the country 's main source of information , simply reported the debate was heated while refraining from giving favor to either candidate .	21	contact.discussion.n/a
Just two years ago , the US imposed sanctions on individuals in the Russian government and on its business sector after Russia invaded and annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula .	22	conflict.attack.n/a
In the entire debate on how to defeat ISIS it ’s always about how to annihilate them with the militarily , or ‘ we need to defeat them ’ without ever identifying all the other players in the region , their complex tensions , and the diverse prospects which lie at the heart of the conflict .	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Launch a “ Model Digital Communities ” Grant Program : By leveraging the $ 25 billion Infrastructure Bank she plans to establish , Hillary will create a new competitive grant program to give cities , regions , and states incentives to create a “ model digital community . ” The end goal is simple : encourage localities to undertake actions that foster greater access to high - speed internet for their residents at affordable prices – whether through fiber , wireless , satellite , or other technologies .	7	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Adding to Trump 's woes this week was the news , first reported by The New York Times , that the name of his campaign manager , Paul Manafort , was on secret ledgers showing cash payments designated to him of more than $ 12 million from a Ukrainian political party with close ties to Russia .	36	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Most recently , Sanders ’ warnings against the Panama Free Trade Agreement solidify his record of being right when it matters , and that is what qualifies him to be President of the United States .	11	government.agreements.violateagreement
New drive - through launch revetments typically associated with the S-300 were constructed since 2014 .	12	manufacture.artifact.build
In a semantic softening of his previous position restricting immigrants or visitors from ­Muslim - majority countries , Trump said he would “ temporarily suspend immigration from some of the most dangerous and volatile regions of the world that have a history of exporting terrorism . ”	43	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Cossack paramilitaries , who style themselves as conservative patriots , helped Russia annex Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 .	12	government.formation.n/a
Hackers typically are extradited in the event of major financial theft , such as a 2013 case where three Romanian men stole in excess of $ 2 million in a cyber - fraud ring – and not in cases involving a breach of personal privacy .	3	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Armenian President Serzh Sarkisian said that 18 of his country 's soldiers had been killed and 35 wounded , not specifying if the soldiers belonged to Yerevan - backed separatist forces in Karabakh or Armenia 's armed forces .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" Imagine an internet run like many Middle Eastern countries that punish what they deem to be blasphemy , or imagine an internet run like China or Russia , [ which ] punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	34	movement.transportartifact.n/a
However , the world ’s largest manufacturers of this weapon — namely Russia , the United States , and China — have refused to ratify the treaty .	26	government.agreements.violateagreement
Obama 's move is a clear indication that the president , far from bowing to liberal pressure , will instead push full - throttle to try to pass the enormous 12-nation agreement — the largest in U.S. history — before he leaves office .	31	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Calling cards were posted on lampposts around the Old Port area of town , seemingly to guide the hooligans as to where to congregate before acts of violence that even seasoned travellers with England said were the worst they had experienced .	23	contact.collaborate.meet
It ’s something that many have wondered since the attack on Benghazi , and it could completely destroy Hillary ’s campaign to be President .	17	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
It denounces the Boycott , Divestment , and Sanctions movement as anti - Semitic and calls for legislation to prevent the boycotting of Israel or “ the Israeli - controlled territories . ”	3	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
As the United States tries to withdraw from Afghanistan , the Obama administration has requested $ 44 billion for 2017 military operations there , which includes funding for combat and shoring up the Afghan army ’s fight against the Taliban and other extremist groups .	28	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Right after the ceasefire , Anderson urged western powers to push back hard against Russian expansionism .	6	contact.requestadvise.n/a
At least 10 were reportedly detained in St. Petersburg .	5	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Following the incident , Moscow introduced a package of economic measures against Ankara – a visa regime , travel ban , as well as an embargo on agricultural products and on hiring Turkish nationals .	25	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Do You Think Hillary Clinton Will Be A More Dishonest President Than Obama If Elected ?	14	personnel.elect.n/a
Voting in the 2016 election is getting underway .	0	government.vote.castvote
“ Without a credible threat that USG can and will use # NSA capabilities to publicly attribute responsibility , such hacks will become common , ” he tweeted , adding , “ This is the only case in which mass surveillance has actually proven effective .	40	government.spy.spy
Should Hillary be elected President , Sanders will likely be a constant presence , urging her to pursue a progressive agenda .	14	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
On a call between the two this weekend , Obama stressed the importance of “ rapidly implementing humanitarian access ” to besieged areas , and urged the Russian president to cease air campaigns against moderate Syrian opposition forces .	25	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Protesters also vandalized the offices of the holding company of Ukraine ’s richest man , Rinat Akhmetov .	2	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
“ The site was down most of last evening , at a time when Kurt Eichenwald ’s story detailing how Donald Trump ’s company broke the law by violating the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba was being covered extensively by prominent cable news programs .	32	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Rights group Amnesty International urged the country to let in those fleeing the latest violence .	4	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
The world 's biggest marine park is to be be created in the Antarctic Ocean , covering a massive 1.55 million sq km , after a " momentous " agreement was finally reached by 24 countries and the EU .	29	government.agreements.n/a
Israeli aircraft attack Syrian army position	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Trump ’s broader polling numbers have plummeted in a period during which , among other controversies , he again refused to release his taxes , insulted the family of a war hero , claimed that Russia had not invaded Ukraine – two years after it had , said his daughter should “ find another company ” if sexually harassed and briefly claimed to have seen a nonexistent video of cash shipments to Iran .	6	movement.transportartifact.fall
He signed a confession – without a lawyer present – which claimed that he had attempted to blackmail his former employers , and apologised to Mahony and Obaid “ for the harm stress and anxiety I caused them ” .	17	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Approximately 250,000 people trapped in rebel - held east Aleppo have been subjected to intense bombing since Thursday which has destroyed civilian infrastructure such as emergency response clinics and left almost 500 people dead , activists on the ground say .	15	conflict.attack.n/a
Eva Schloss is the co - founder of the Anne Frank Trust UK and the author of several books about her experiences during the Holocaust .	24	life.die.n/a
“ It is a murderous regime that violates human rights ; that has violated international law ; used chemical weapons against his own people ; has killed hundreds of thousands of people , including tens of thousands of children . ”	13	government.agreements.violateagreement
It saved the jobs of hundreds of thousands of state and local government workers ( including first responders ) , cut taxes on the middle class , accelerated the transition to clean energy , hastened electronic medical record - keeping , incentivized accountability in public education ( through the Department of Education 's " Race to the Top " ) and began the rapid expansion of college loans , among hundreds of other investments .	67	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
5/8 Cher ' If he were to be elected , I 'm moving to Jupiter '	8	personnel.elect.winelection
In fact , even for this election , it ’s not too late : Much like Minnesota did , the U.S. Supreme Court could create special three - judge panel , ideally agreed to by both candidates , that could advise the court in any case involving the presidential election .	40	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
They get paid to do it , and it 's almost like child trafficking .. We were worried it would happen to us .	13	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Stein calls for electoral reforms , such as " equal access to the debates [ for ] all ballot - qualified candidates " and ranked - choice voting , that make it easier to vote , reduce the influence of money in politics , and eliminate barriers for less wealthy and well - known candidates to win elections .	56	personnel.elect.winelection
In an example of how complicated Trump 's business holdings are , the candidate paused during remarks about Chinese currency manipulation at the Economic Club in New York Thursday to add a thought -- that he " likes China " because it rents a lot of condos .	42	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Starting earlier this week he kept saying that Apple should just do what the FBI wants , and then he kicked it up a notch this afternoon saying that everyone should boycott Apple until it gives in to the FBI .	31	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Kanaikin had been handed a life ban by RUSADA but CAS replaced that with an eight - year suspension , it announced in a statement .	21	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Russia would later annex Crimea and force the U.S. Army to begin stepping up NATO training exercises in Europe .	3	government.formation.n/a
U.N. officials say they need Syria 's cooperation for that , too , and aid workers say airdrops , when helicopters bring in supplies , are riskier and less efficient than ground operations .	21	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
When he went to buy those guns after having come under investigation , “ one would have liked to have known about it , ” Ms. Yates said .	4	transaction.transferownership.purchase
CCTV footage leaked online shows the attackers punch and kick the victims in the busy Soi Bintabaht district .	7	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
A separate nonprofit , the Clinton Health Access Initiative , claims to have helped 11.5 million patients obtain the treatments .	17	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
We ’re borrowing , we ’re borrowing all of this money .	2	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Sanders supporter Susan Sarandon , the actress , said a key reason she did n't support Clinton was that she traveled the world and advocated the energy production process , which cracks open parts of the earth to release natural gas and oil .	24	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The aircraft had been cruising normally in clear skies on a nighttime flight to Cairo early Thursday when it suddenly lurched left , then right , spun all the way around and plummeted 38,000 feet into the sea , never issuing a distress signal .	32	movement.transportperson.n/a
It has even advised EU members to draw on European support funds to compensate for the expected unemployment .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The document called on the world community to defend Christians , saying that " in many countries of the Middle East and North Africa whole families , villages and cities of our brothers and sisters in Christ are being completely exterminated . "	40	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has insisted Turkish democracy is not under threat , but said there could be more arrests in the wake of last week 's failed coup attempt , in a wide - ranging interview with Al Jazeera .	21	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Russia denies the charges .	3	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
“ The last thing in the world you want is a false caliphate with access to billions of dollars of oil revenue , ” Mr. Kerry warned at a meeting of the 23-nation coalition against the Islamic State on Feb. 2 in Rome .	29	contact.collaborate.meet
Democrats have ignored the opportunity to replace the increasingly damaged Clinton with a qualified and vetted candidate readily at hand , such as Vice President Joseph Biden or Secretary of State John Kerry John KerryTillerson : ' My view did n’t change ' on Paris climate agreement CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats Kerry : New Iran sanctions may be dangerous MORE .	46	government.agreements.n/a
The final shipment of such weapons can take years to complete , but U.S. officials have repeatedly refused to clarify if the order ’s final tranche was delivered .	2	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
FACT : Politifact is confusing commitments to donate with the actual dates of donations .	7	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Turkey last year claimed killing dozens of PKK fighters and destroying their hideouts in cross - border air raids on northern Iraq .	4	life.die.n/a
Ankara has filed a formal request with the US government for Gulen ’s extradition .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
If Clinton wins the presidency , she will be expected to swear an oath to " faithfully execute the office of president of the United States , " and will to the best of her ability , " preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . "	13	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
We now know that Hillary Clinton mishandled classified information in a manner that would result in any other American being prosecuted , potentially incarcerated and certainly prohibited from ever obtaining federal employment ever again , let alone hold a security clearance .	23	movement.transportperson.preventexit
I do disagree with her judgment in many cases , but she does fight hard and she does n’t quit and she does n’t give up , and I consider that to be a very good trait , ” he said .	19	personnel.endposition.quitretire
“ It was a deliberate attempt to deceive and mislead .	7	contact.prevarication.meet
The UN ordered Sweden and UK to immediately release him and compensate him for violating his rights .	14	government.agreements.violateagreement
" I do not mean to cancel or abrogate the military alliances , " said Duterte on Tuesday , October 11 , during the oath - taking of government officials in Malacañang Palace .	24	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
This assertion has come even amid a deluge of reports indicating that Moscow has used controlled weapons and struck humanitarian targets in Syria , including a United Nations aid convoy ( which both the U.S. and the U.K. have accused Russia of attacking with credible evidence ) .	18	conflict.attack.n/a
Put simply , this means that Moscow is only promoting the implementation of the Minsk Agreement as a show for the West .	15	government.agreements.n/a
That investigation ended in a decision not to press charges .	9	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
“ Issuing injunctions against infringing websites does not address the root of the problem ; Russia should be investigating and prosecuting the operators of such sites .	2	transaction.transaction.n/a
“ South Korea is very rich , great industrial country , and yet we ’re not reimbursed fairly for what we do , " Trump said .	16	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Grimly to note too , this report continues , is that a “ powerful indictor ” that UN President Ashe was being targeted for death revealed itself this past January ( 2016 ) when Chinese billionaire Seng ( currently under house arrest in his New York City penthouse ) suddenly dropped his bid for a speedy trial — and which SVR analysts in this report attribute to his being given “ assurances / guarantees ” by the Clinton ’s that once Hillary gained the US presidency he would pardoned .	56	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
He said Russia remains open for dialogue with Washington on Syria , but added that the U.S. needs to “ exclude even a hint at threatening our military and Russian citizens . ”	6	contact.discussion.meet
Chris Coons Chris CoonsWeek ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling Dem : Trump wrong , Salem witch trials ' greatest witch hunt in American history ' When can law enforcement access data stored abroad ?	21	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Azerbaijan , by contrast , tends to exaggerate its purchases in an effort to intimidate .	14	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Smallpox – a deadly disease eradicated from the world in 1977 – could return as the frozen tundra of Siberia melts and releases the virus from the corpses of people who died in a major epidemic about 120 years ago , experts have warned .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
“ You essentially have a crazy person at the top of the ticket , someone who just has no focus on how to win elections but has demonstrated he does n’t care if Republicans control the House or the Senate , ” said Brian Walsh , a GOP strategist and former official at the National Republican Senatorial Committee .	23	personnel.elect.winelection
And Hillary Clinton 's steady and she is true , ” the president said before urging voters to support Clinton by echoing a famous Teddy Roosevelt speech .	15	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The subtext of Fallon ’s protest is that no matter what reporters dig out in the voluminous Podesta emails , their stories will be polluted by the motives and methods behind their acquisition .	5	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
This is the time to borrow .	5	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
A boy gestures as others inspect the damage after airstrikes by pro - Syrian government forces in the rebel held al - Sakhour neighbourhood of Aleppo , Syria February 5 , 2016 .	9	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Clinton was secretary of state for President Obama ’s entire first term , and her most significant accomplishment is helping negotiate the end of a week - long skirmish between Israel and Hamas ?	28	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
A report published last month by Moscow ’s Higher School of Economics predicted that Russia 's reserve fund could be exhausted before the end of 2016 if energy prices failed to rise , while the country ’s Finance Ministry has repeatedly warned that the fund could run out in 2017 .	44	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Israeli authorities regularly demolish homes built by Palestinians in Area C , arguing they are built illegally without permits and outside areas zoned for Palestinian building .	3	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
In an interview with French television broadcast on Wednesday night , Russian President Vladimir Putin reiterated that the Syrian president would agree to develop a new , more democratic and inclusive constitution , and overhaul the political system – but only if he was allowed to stand in a future election .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Putin agreed to Wednesday 's meeting of the NATO - Russia Council , only the second since mid-2014 , while also recently allowing a U.N. resolution authorizing the EU to intercept arms shipments to Libya in the Mediterranean .	32	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
She was an enthusiastic war advocate , explaining : “ I urged him [ her husband ] to bomb . ” Alas , Bosnia remains badly divided while Kosovo has turned into a gangster state which , according to the New York Times , is “ a font of Islamic extremism and a pipeline for jihadists . ” Oops .	11	contact.commandorder.broadcast
After a public outcry the case was reopened , and Deutch negotiated a misdemeanor plea , but he was pardoned by then - President Bill Clinton .	11	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Donald Trump took to Twitter Monday night to suggest that Iran executed Shahram Amiri — a nuclear scientist accused of providing the United States with information on Tehran ’s nuclear program — because he was apparently referenced in emails on the private server Hillary Clinton used for official State Department business .	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The Saudis are not going to allow them to wander through their files or interview their top officials .	14	contact.discussion.meet
Assange openly said he hoped the DNC leak damaged the Clinton campaign .	8	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
In Berlin a coalition of “ anarchists , dropouts , punks , gays and lesbians , the alternatives , the stone - throwers , the fire - eaters , the grafters , the poor , the drunkards and the madmen ” marched in the streets when the IOC made its final inspection of the city .	51	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
It 'll be vandalized , " he said .	3	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The Obama Administration played a key role by repurposing spectrum and auctioning licenses , as well as by making new spectrum available for unlicensed technologies .	11	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Can Pence be a party to the election of a president who has had kind word for current - day dictators like North Korea 's Kim Jong - un and retweets the words of Italian fascist dictator Benito Mussolini , whose actions promoted the crimes that gave rise to the treaty that formed NATO in the first place — a treaty which Trump would violate so casually today ?	60	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Such a formal designation , which would allow state election officials to request federal assistance to protect their voting systems , “ is under consideration , ” a Homeland Security spokesman told Yahoo News .	18	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
She said that Mrs. Clinton acts “ more like a war general than a diplomat , ” including supporting the Iraq invasion , the troop surge in Afghanistan , the Libya overthrow and a potential strike on Iran .	10	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Republicans have long speculated that the FBI investigation into Clinton 's use of a private email server could result in criminal charges , wounding her candidacy .	15	contact.collaborate.n/a
So both lawyers whose names are on Gary Johnson ’s main campaign group since 2009 are not only associated with right - wing extremists and violent nativist vigilantes , but more importantly , both of them specialize in fraudulent vote schemes that help their Republican Party clients win elections by deceiving Democratic Party voters .	50	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Dec. 19 , 2016 Syrians evacuated from Fuaa and Kafraya , two Shiite villages under rebel siege , are welcomed by pro - government forces as they arrive in Jibrin , on the eastern outskirts of Aleppo .	5	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
But elite culture stigmatizes plain speaking , so that now a rapist or a murderer is a “ person who committed a crime ” or an “ individual who was incarcerated , ” says the Obama Department of Justice , or , according to the latest humbug from the Department of Education , a “ justice - involved individual . ” Implicit in these euphemisms is the theory that “ society , ” not the criminal , is to blame for crime , a long - exploded idea aimed at blurring the distinction between right and wrong .	30	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Clinton was making her debut appearance back on the campaign trail after a video showed her stumbling leaving a 9/11 memorial service on Sunday .	16	movement.transportperson.fall
“ Iran has actually expressed its interest in the purchase of an order of Su30SM fighters , but so far the parties are only discussing the issue in negotiations .	9	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Trump has also often said that high duties targeting imports from countries such as China and Mexico would force companies to move production to the U.S and prevent U.S. companies from moving overseas .	9	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Other reports said a number of people attempting to depart had been executed or whipped , and one man ’s leg was reportedly amputated .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
He was assassinated by a far - left activist that year but was succeeded by another charismatic populist , Geert Wilders .	2	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In 2013 , recognizing how important tracing is for solving crimes , and for providing intelligence regarding patterns of illegal gun trafficking , President Obama asked for more of it : He signed a memorandum demanding that all firearms recovered in the course of criminal investigations be traced .	21	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
But even Kissinger , in his op - ed , called it “ incompatible with the rules of the existing world order for Russia to annex Crimea . ”	25	government.formation.mergegpe
A ceasefire is about – if you want to say ceasefire , it ’s not the correct word , because a ceasefire is between two armies or two countries – it ’s better to say cessation of hostility , or , let ’s say , stopping the operations .	10	government.agreements.n/a
Trump suggested “ closing parts of the internet ” to prevent Islamic State attracting recruits , Ted Cruz pledged to “ carpet bomb them into oblivion ” , Chris Christie proposed flying Air Force One over disputed Chinese islands and Carly Fiorina boasted of having had “ a private meeting ” with Russian leader Vladimir Putin when in fact they met in a green room at a conference .	60	contact.discussion.meet
But German police say that after questioning and examination it was clear that Lisa F was not abducted and not raped .	20	life.injure.n/a
Link Rio Mayor Eduardo Paes inspects construction work at the Olympic Park 's Tennis Centre in December .	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The dishonorable discharges included around 40 percent of Turkey 's admirals and generals .	2	personnel.endposition.n/a
The order also calls for tightening measures for the inspection of aircraft and seagoing vessels from North Korea on Russian territory .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
" More likely , they had plenty but they decided to use it privately to good effect , whether we are talking about debts or blackmail . "	25	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Mao allied with us because we did n’t threaten China , and he knew we ’d let him conduct his own affairs at home .	8	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
There ’s no evidence that she personally advocated for the deal , nor is there evidence that people related to the company who donated to the Clinton Foundation did so on a quid pro quo basis .	7	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Each is struggling to reach the 15-percent average needed in national polls recognized by the presidential debate commission be included in the first debate on Sept. 26 .	23	contact.negotiate.meet
Jeffrey Sterling was not permitted to testify in the trial on his own behalf because he would have had to discuss Operation Merlin , which was and is still classified .	20	contact.discussion.correspondence
The first two interrupted the president early in his address .	9	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
America 's secretary of state John Kerry and Russia 's foreign minister Sergei Lavrov reached a deal last week that included allowing the delivery of humanitarian aid to starving civilian areas such as Aleppo .	28	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
In a reversal of political roles , Mrs. Clinton , the Democratic candidate , is the one portraying Mr. Putin as America ’s newest archenemy , whose underlings hack into her Brooklyn campaign headquarters , bomb Syrian civilians and threaten Ukraine and NATO allies in Europe .	35	conflict.attack.bombing
They quickly learn that no other item of standard equipment will be more rigidly tracked in the routines of accountability and that inspections will continue throughout their careers .	22	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Ethnic Russian nationalism has been growing since the fall of the Soviet Union , along with attempts by the regime to commandeer it — what Emil Pain terms “ imperial nationalism . ” On the one hand , Putin and his administration recognize the leading role of the ethnic Russian people in forming the Russian state .	21	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
In an email on May 19 , 2015 , Fallon advised of upcoming action in a civil lawsuit by Vice News reporter Jason Leopold that resulted in the State Department releasing tens of thousands of Clinton 's emails .	10	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
By contrast , it ’s easy to see how allowing the Saudis to bomb Yemeni funerals with American missiles could inspire blowback that does threaten our national security , and easier still to see how a hot conflict with Iran could take a toll on our nation ’s blood and treasure .	15	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
Moscow maintains that the 1951 San Francisco Peace Treaty transferring control of the islands to the Soviet Union stipulates Russian sovereignty over the Kurils , which Tokyo classifies as its northern territories .	9	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
" We understand the potential implications of our supporters ' actions and wholly accept that every effort needs to be made by the FA to positively urge them to act in a responsible and respectful way , " he said in a statement .	26	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Clinton has promised throughout her campaign that she will be tough on Wall Street if elected president — but the transcripts of her speeches showed a softer side of the former secretary of state in her interactions with Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein and other Wall Street executives .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Russia is accusing three Turkish foundations of supplying weapons and military equipment to Islamic State extremists in Syria and says $ 1.9 million worth of explosives and industrial chemicals were smuggled across Turkey 's border to extremist groups .	30	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Police sources told Russian news agencies that the victim had been decapitated and the head removed from the scene by the nanny .	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
As better transport and technology becomes affordable , he said , locals are embarking on expeditions to more and more remote corners of Siberia to look for the precious and lucrative mammoth tusks , which can sell for tens of thousands of dollars and are increasingly prized by Chinese carvers given trade bans on elephant ivory .	2	movement.transportperson.n/a
Moscow 's economic sanctions against Turkey over the downing of a Russian bomber at the Syrian border in November has further complicated matters .	3	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
For this reason , Clinton has supported the National Security Agency ’s surveillance programs and supports the jailing of whistle - blower Edward Snowden .	12	government.spy.spy
But his response - deliberately refocusing international attention back on eastern Ukraine and the lack of progress in implementing a peace deal there - suggests Putin is trying to milk the latest Crimean crisis as part of a diplomatic power play he hopes will eventually kill Western sanctions .	47	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
“ She gave an entire speech about how the alt right movement is using his campaign to advance its hate movement , ” Clinton campaign press secretary Nick Merrill tweeted , referring to a speech five days prior to her “ basket of deplorables ” address when she accused Trump of embracing the alt - right movement .	48	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
A search of the ICIJ database of the Panama Papers for WJC LLC produced a list of hits that included 1,011 offshore entities , 446 officers , 72 intermediaries and 143 different addresses .	13	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
Saudi Arabia carried out 157 executions domestically last year – the highest number in two decades , and is on pace to match the number this year .	5	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Schindler then went on to suggest that intelligence agencies around the world , including that of Russia , China , and Iran , must know more about the email exchanges of Hillary Clinton than the American public does .	5	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The state ’s black Democratic prosecutor then indicted six police officers , three of them African American , on various ludicrous charges including first - degree murder .	7	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
The US has accused Russia of taking part in strikes on civilian targets and possibly committing war crimes - charges Russia has strongly denied .	3	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
He spent some time promoting WikiLeaks books — on sale , at 40 percent off — and promised to publish new leaks in the near future .	17	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Lorenzana said that he would ask the Philippines Congress for $ 50 m ( £ 40 m ) to $ 100 m a year to compensate for a hole in US military aid and said the country may contact Russia or China for new equipment .	25	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
5/8 Litvinenko 's funeral took place at Highgate Cemetery in north London in December 2006 © EPA	3	contact.funeralvigil.meet
But if , as expected , the GOP keeps control of Congress in November , there is no way that any of Hillary ’s tax - hikes would be enacted .	29	government.legislate.legislate
“ They paid money and they got to meet with the secretary of state , ” Camerota said .	2	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
62/74 Day One Chris Froome speaks with a bruised Geraint Thomas after the men 's road race PA	8	life.injure.n/a
More than 133,000 migrants have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year , according to the UNHCR , with at least 400 drowning in the attempt .	24	life.die.nonviolentdeath
The next big opportunity to change the trajectory of the race will be next Sunday ’s debate , a town - hall style event at Washington University in St. Louis .	16	contact.negotiate.meet
Activity considered to be racketeering may include bribery , counterfeiting , money laundering , embezzlement , illegal gambling , kidnapping , murder , drug trafficking , slavery , and a host of other nefarious business practices .	24	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
I ’ve seen them underestimate and undervalue the power of family in poor communities , assuming that low - income children come from broken homes or have unreliable parents .	19	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
-- A disturbing trend – > The Taliban is building bigger and more dangerous bombs , Tim Craig reports from Kabul : “ Afghan security officials said Wednesday that the death toll from the attack in Kabul a day earlier had jumped to 64 , with an additional 347 people injured … The attack on an Afghan intelligence training compound now ranks as one of the deadliest strikes … since the Taliban insurgency began in 2001 .	50	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Thirty - nine percent of households indicated that they could not afford either food or buying new clothes in December 2015 , compared with nearly half that figure—22 percent — the preceding year .	15	transaction.transferownership.purchase
" Russian airstrikes in Syria , and the shooting down of a Russian plane over the country by a Turkish F-16 in November , as well as its earlier backing for the separatist war in Ukraine , have plunged East - West relations into their chilliest state since the end of the Cold War , " the group 's report says .	8	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Mussolini and Hitler won elections via anti - establishment sentiment .	3	personnel.elect.winelection
You can see it in the sharp reaction after Newt Gingrich clashed with Fox News ' Megyn Kelly , accusing her of being " fascinated with sex " when she tried to ask him about women who accuse Donald Trump of grabbing them and kissing them against their will .	19	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
When Yanukovych finally won the presidency in 2010 , he shelved his promises about adopting a more open , pro - Western government .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
He also urged that we consider the Vietnamese mother , desperately trying to shield her baby from the fire from the sky , sent by machines from a country she could barely understand .	18	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
( CNN ) Vice President Joe Biden denounced Donald Trump 's proposed foreign policy on Monday , repudiating the presumptive GOP nominee 's embrace of Russian President Vladimir Putin and suggesting his policies on Muslims could foster extremism .	11	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
" In Cleveland , I urged voters , ' please , do n’t stay home in November .	5	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
“ These emails show various violations of national security laws and ethics rules and further confirm that Hillary and Bill Clinton are personally implicated in the Clinton Foundation pay to play scandal . ”	2	contact.collaborate.correspondence
That intervention was meant to prevent the country ’s then - dictator , Muammar Qaddafi , from slaughtering the people of Benghazi , as he was threatening to do .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The official said , however , that it may be impossible to prove definitively that Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s government directed the attack .	23	life.injure.n/a
A bigger , more organized alt - right could become an effective opposition movement that is catered to by politicians who need its votes to win elections .	25	personnel.elect.winelection
In a speech in Cleveland three months before Republicans gathered there to nominate Trump , Zeid said : " Less than 150 miles away from where I speak , a front - running candidate to be president of this country declared , just a few months ago , his enthusiastic support for torture . "	52	life.injure.n/a
On the same day , ISIS claims that fighters of its Barqah Province in Libya attacked a military checkpoint with remotely - detonated explosives , killing more than 20 soldiers .	22	conflict.attack.bombing
Notorious in Washington and abroad as a laser - focused campaign consultant to Republican presidential candidates and foreign potentates alike , Manafort was hired to put Yanukovych and his allies through an image makeover , and it worked : In early 2006 , the Party of Regions nearly doubled its representation in Parliament ; if Yanukovych could bring some other parties into his coalition , he could become prime minister — and a major thorn in President Yushchenko ’s side .	23	personnel.startposition.hiring
" I urge him to think about our country over his own candidacy and carefully consider stepping aside from the ticket . ” — Jonathan Martin ( @jmartNYT ) October 8 , 2016	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
She flailed in 2007 and 2008 trying to puncture Obama ’s idealistic “ Change We Can Believe In ” message with a cold blast of reality .	8	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Because many Republicans are boycotting Trump ’s campaign , those who agree to join risk being viewed , as a former Cabinet secretary put it to me , as part of “ a staff full of Ollie Norths . ” ( In 1987 , testifying to Congress about his role in the Iran - Contra scandal , the White House aide Oliver L. North said , “ If the Commander - in - Chief tells this lieutenant - colonel to go stand in the corner and sit on his head , I will do so . ” ) Watching Trump on the campaign trail , Timothy Naftali , the former director of the Nixon Presidential Library , said , “ Trump tweets what Nixon knew not to say outside his inner circle , and we know what he said from the tapes .	4	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
On Sunday , it reported that after lengthy deliberation , it had acquired new evidence that substantiated the claim .	12	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Despite the City of Chicago trying to cover up the police execution of black teenager Laquan McDonald , dashcam footage was released last November , over 13 months after the shooting had taken place .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
' A whole gang of the [ Russians ] came right into the middle of everything and started throwing punches . '	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
That morning , Clinton ’s aide Jacob Sullivan informed her that a document could not reach her via a secure fax .	20	contact.collaborate.correspondence
By the government ’s own admission , it has imprisoned more than 34,000 people – and sentenced huge numbers to die .	9	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The tools materialized as part of an unusual electronic auction set up by a group calling itself " Shadow Brokers , " which has promised to leak more data to whoever puts in a winning bid .	9	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
He twice made a point of saying he was not prepared to trigger a third world war , first in reference to Russia and Ukraine , a second time in a discussion about China ’s moves in the South China Sea .	16	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
There are already opposition concerns that the restructuring of the military lacks parliamentary oversight and is going too far , with thousands of soldiers discharged , including around 40 percent of generals .	24	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Also Saturday , the French air accident investigation agency said smoke was detected in multiple places on the flight moments before it plummeted into the Mediterranean , but the cause of the crash that killed all 66 on board remains unclear .	22	movement.transportperson.n/a
One of them , Sandra Borchers , tells me that out there all was calm ( she was “ actually having dialogues ” with Trump supporters , “ back - and - forth conversations , at about this talking level ” ) until Trump started speaking .	21	contact.discussion.n/a
After a public outcry the case was reopened , and Deutch negotiated a misdemeanor plea , but he was pardoned by then - President Bill Clinton .	11	contact.negotiate.n/a
Speaking in Paris , the French president , François Hollande , said he “ profoundly regretted ” the Brexit vote but that the EU now had to make changes .	19	government.vote.castvote
In Pew Research Center polling , the percentage of Israeli Arabs who say a peaceful , two - state solution is possible has dropped by 24 points in just two years , from 74 % in 2013 to 50 % in the latest survey , which was conducted in late 2014 and early 2015 ( i.e. , even before the wave of stabbings and other violence in Israel and the West Bank in late 2015 ) .	62	conflict.attack.stabbing
Sen. Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE ( R - Fla . ) said he will not discuss any leaked documents published by WikiLeaks and is calling on the rest of his party to ignore them as well .	53	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
When he went to buy those guns after having come under investigation , “ one would have liked to have known about it , ” Ms. Yates said .	11	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Meanwhile , along the Mediterranean coast , Northern Irish fans were involved in a ugly exchanges with locals in the city of Nice that left seven people hurt .	27	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Nonetheless , Trump 's address was a toxic combination of unprovable claims -- " excessive regulation is costing our country as much as $ 2 trillion a year " and ending it will " produce more than $ 20 trillion in job - creating economic activity " -- and outright lies -- " My opponent wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment . "	50	contact.prevarication.n/a
The purchase was not deemed suspicious , the sources said .	1	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
There is a determination made whenever the U.S. government decides to conduct a direct action against individuals , that there is not the option to capture them .	25	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
She gets punched hard in the face , knocked down and bruised .	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
We brought the world together to impose sanctions on Iran and secure a deal that puts a lid on Iran 's nuclear program , without firing a single shot .	28	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Cuba stops helping North Korea invade [ sic ] UN sanctions .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
In fact , I buy a slightly smaller than large glove , okay ?	4	transaction.transferownership.purchase
“ Despite heavy U.S. airstrikes in the area , the Taliban – who already control 80 percent of the region – have steadily encroached on the provincial capital of Lashkar Gah , ” Stratfor warns .	23	conflict.attack.invade
In the entire debate on how to defeat ISIS it ’s always about how to annihilate them with the militarily , or ‘ we need to defeat them’ without ever identifying all the other players in the region , their complex tensions , and the diverse prospects which lie at the heart of the conflict .	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
received arms shipments from the United States .	2	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
“ Issuing injunctions against infringing websites does not address the root of the problem ; Russia should be investigating and prosecuting the operators of such sites .	2	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Also unsaid is that Sen. Clinton served eight years without enacting meaningful immigration reform legislation .	10	government.legislate.legislate
Page ’s financial interests in Russia include investments in the Russian state oil conglomerate Gazprom , as well as consulting work advising companies on how to do business in Russia .	21	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Donald Trump has a history of praising Putin ’s leadership style of assassinating political rivals , journalists , and jailing bands named after a certain delightful part of the female anatomy for being critical of his tyranny , comparing his BFF to the imagined “ weakness ” of American ’s sitting President .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
You can look at Mayor Gayle McLaughlin in Richmond , California , who did incredibly innovative things as an eight - year mayor , using — turning eminent domain on its head and actually using it against the banks in order to seize underwater mortgages and preserve the homes of families who were threatened with eviction and foreclosure ; or with suing the — Chevron , which was extremely dangerous , blew up , sent 5,000 people to the hospital ; massively reduced police violence and deaths at the hands of police — an exemplary mayor .	53	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
In Mexico alone , the government estimates 164,000 people were the victims of homicide related to cartel violence between 2007 and 2014 .	13	life.die.n/a
Ella Pamfilova , a respected human rights advocate , was appointed head of the electoral commission and vowed to organise the cleanest election in the country ’s modern history .	10	personnel.startposition.hiring
DigiCube just provides the underlying systems ; another organization will have rented its boxes and provided proxy services on top .	11	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Trump has said that if other NATO members do not step up their spending on the military alliance , then Washington would " let countries defend themselves " if he is elected president .	31	personnel.elect.winelection
A huge portrait of Mother Teresa , whom the church credits with having performed two miraculous cures of the sick , hung from St. Peter 's Basilica during the colorful ceremony .	19	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Karol Mason donated $ 856,000 to the DNC and Obama appoints her as Assistant Attorney General , Office of Justice Programs .	2	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
A Hillary presidency will push us over all these tipping points , with disastrous consequences and the damage done will not be easily reversed , if at all .	17	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Chen met with a liberal campaign manager named Leonid Volkov who emphasized this point :	1	contact.discussion.n/a
Analysts saw the agreement in part as a deterrent to ward off moves by China to advance its interests in the South China Sea .	3	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Since he declared his candidacy for president , Donald Trump has blacklisted media outlets who fell out of his favor , threatened to jail his political opponent , promised to purge the government of employees appointed by President Obama and refashioned the right - wing website Brietbart as his own personal Pravda .	35	personnel.startposition.n/a
Mr. Jolani reached out to rebel groups as they have been given a fateful choice : sever any tactical alliance with his Qaeda - linked militants , now known as the Levant Conquest Front , and lose an effective ally — or potentially face joint airstrikes from Russia and the United States under the deal they negotiated .	45	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Israeli authorities on Tuesday demolished three European Union - funded shelters in the West Bank , drawing condemnation from a local human rights group .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
" There is zero chance I will quit , " Trump said , adding that he 's getting " unbelievable " support . "	7	personnel.endposition.n/a
Roybal suggested Trump did n’t understand the consequences of what he was proposing .	12	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
The Assad regime and its Russian partners are bombarding eastern Aleppo each and every day in a brutal campaign to crush the opposition under siege there by terrorizing the civilian population .	8	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
The group tweeted about an alleged illness three times on Monday , as websites like The Drudge Report and Breitbart , and Fox News ’ Sean Hannity pointed to pictures of Hillary Clinton sitting on pillows to prove that she is infirm , or wearing a catheter , or riddled with syphilis .	6	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
He ’s the first person — I’d sign his deportation proceeding , to be at the airport waving him goodbye .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Although Russian business owners have reportedly been charging several hundred US dollars for a bicycle and a ride to the border , the route is still far cheaper than being smuggled across the Mediterranean .	30	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Appearing on NBC ’s “ Today ” show on March 13 , he said that the land grab — which Obama and top European leaders denounced as a gross violation of international law — “ should never have happened . ”	16	transaction.transaction.n/a
Perched on a rise above the skirmish , a female warrior in an elaborate fur headdress checks her smartphone as an impassive white camel chews the cud .	6	conflict.attack.n/a
Under the plan Trump will purchase and refurbish the Commodore Hotel , which closed into doors 5/18 , from the Penn Central Transportation Corp.	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
23/74 Iraq crisis Iraqi security forces arrest a follower of Shiite cleric Mahmoud al - Sarkhi at his home after clashes with his followers in the Shiite holy city of Karbala , 50 miles ( 80 kilometers ) south of Baghdad	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
" I think he is acting like another Hitler by inciting racism , " wrote Eva Schloss , 86 , in a piece published in Newsweek on Wednesday — Holocaust Memorial Day .	29	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Sanctions already in place against Pyongyang ban it from working with nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles , blacklist certain figures and organizations and prohibit the import of luxury goods .	25	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
" Such methods on the international stage are called pressure and blackmail . "	11	contact.threatencoerce.meet
The Russian president is to dispatch the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier plus 30 jet fighters and attack helicopters to the war - torn country in an attempt to destroy the terror group for good .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The vote comes just over a year after President Joachim Gauck became Germany 's highest ranking official to describe the massacre as a " genocide " , sparking a fierce response from Turkey .	20	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" I thought the president put it best when he said , ' Just because we have the ability to do something , does n't mean we should , ' " Holder said during an appearance on the " Axe Files , " a podcast hosted by David Axelrod , produced by CNN and the University of Chicago Institute of Politics .	50	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Putin , while serving as prime minister , forcibly denounced the then - U.S. secretary of state in 2011 , saying she had condemned Russia 's parliamentary elections as fraudulent before she had evidence and directly incited anti - government protests .	40	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Russia has announced the details of a new shipment of arms it is sending to Armenia , a relatively rare move likely connected with Russia 's ongoing tension with Turkey .	8	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Americans who immigrated to the U.S. were the least likely to back the proposal , with 52 percent expressing support for it and 39 percent in opposition .	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
More than 3,000 had already been safely detonated since government forces , backed by Russian jets , retook the city on Sunday , he said .	7	conflict.attack.bombing
The Baltic States declare war on Russia and start to retaliate , as they have now been invaded so have no choice .	17	conflict.attack.invade
Sixty percent of its oil was imported in 2015 , and by 2035 , Beijing will be importing 80 percent of its oil .	6	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
The Times ’ reporter in the meeting with Trump , Maggie Haberman , stood by her report :	6	contact.discussion.correspondence
He added : “ I do not believe the threat of mass murder is a legitimate way to go about international relations . ”	12	life.die.n/a
She urged creation of a no - fly zone , an act of war , as well as greater support for insurgents .	1	contact.requestadvise.n/a
But any push to change the Senate rules would by led by Sen. Charles Schumer Charles SchumerDems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Live coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan GOP exploiting Virginia shooting in Georgia election MORE ( N.Y. ) , who is expected to replace Reid as the leader of Senate Democrats and could become majority leader if his party wins control of the chamber on Election Day .	39	life.injure.n/a
Qatar National Bank , Deutsche Bank and Barclays helped arrange the five - year loan , expected to carry a margin of 90 basis points over London Interbank Offered Rate .	14	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
" North Korea 's terrorist attack could be in the form of causing harms to anti - North Korean activists , North Korean defectors or government officials , " said Saenuri Party member , Lee Chul - woo , when CNN contacted his office Thursday .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Public reaction has been overwhelmingly positive in both Norway and Finland , with the only objection so far coming from the indigenous Sami community , whose reindeer roam freely across the border and who argue that the land should belong to neither country .	27	movement.transportperson.n/a
So imagine the day after Trump is elected president .	7	personnel.elect.winelection
" The regime and Russia have instead plunged to new depths and unleashed a new hell on Aleppo , " Rycroft told the council .	7	movement.transportartifact.n/a
They have a 3-year - old son and lived in Fort Pierce , about two hours from the massacre .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
When you think about those policy preferences as driven by authoritarianism , in which social threats are perceived as especially dangerous and as demanding extreme responses , rather than the sudden emergence of specific bigotries , this starts to make a lot more sense .	23	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Manafort advised pro - Russian , Ukrainian oligarchs including former President Victor Yanukovych -- a Putin ally who fled to Russia in 2014 after corruption accusations .	18	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
50 new pretexts to execute members of the working class – because	4	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
About 430 women told police that they were harassed by groups of young men , supposedly immigrants from North Africa and Middle East , and two women said they were raped .	30	life.injure.n/a
Saudi Arabia is discussing plans to deploy ground troops with regional allies , including Turkey , for a safe zone in Syria , in a last - ditch effort to keep alive a rebellion at risk of collapse as a Russian - backed offensive by Syrian regime forces encroaches on the northern province of Aleppo .	48	conflict.attack.invade
The Joint Unmanned Surveillance and Target Acquisition System ( JUSTAS ) , after years of trying to acquire non - weaponized drones , is now searching for a single type of unmanned aerial vehicle to do many different things , including dropping bombs .	17	transaction.transferownership.n/a
As of March 2016 , records showed that Saudi Arabia has donated between $ 10 million and $ 25 million to the foundation .	11	transaction.transaction.n/a
If it does n't change , then we need to keep thinking of additional actions , whether they 're trade actions or sanctions that change the behavior .	22	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Emilio Arturo Marill , a 90-year - old retired lawyer , argues that Obama could take even more steps than he has to weaken the U.S. embargo on Cuba , which only Congress can formally lift .	26	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
They are working tirelessly to deflect and delegitimize a substantial amount of very incriminating evidence by attempting to destroy the reliability of the originators of that evidence .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Because , had we not dropped those bombs , Japan was not going to surrender and consequently America would have had to invade , like D - Day and even more lives would 've been lost , right ?	14	conflict.yield.surrender
Due in large measure to a drop in global oil prices and Putin ’s ill - advised seizure of Crimea , the Russian economy has been in freefall .	16	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
EU Ambassador to Israeli Lars Faaborg - Andersen said on July 27 that since 2009 , approximately 170 EU - funded structures of a value of € 300,000 have been demolished or confiscated and approximately 600 structures , worth over € 2.3 million , have been served with demolition , stop - work or eviction orders and are therefore under threat of demolition .	30	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Detectives accused him of being part of a ring that tried to smuggle weapons from Ukraine and Belarus to the former Yugoslavia in 1994 .	12	movement.transportperson.hide
Anderson Cooper will become the first openly gay man to moderate a presidential debate when the CNN anchor emcees the second contest , held in St. Louis this Sunday evening .	13	contact.discussion.correspondence
Another of those detained and held overnight was DeRay Mckesson , a prominent Black Lives Matter activist , who was live - streaming video from the shoulder of the road when he was tackled by an officer .	3	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Critics of the proposal to increase arms shipments warn that it would only worsen the violence in Syria without fundamentally changing the outcome .	7	movement.transportartifact.n/a
A wacky tale is playing out in a federal courtroom in New York City , where a Romanian security consultant is on trial for an illegal $ 17 million weapons deal .	22	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Another idea Yi raised was that the U.S. and Europe should give up their traditional privileges of appointing the heads of the World Bank and the IMF .	17	personnel.startposition.hiring
FANNIE MAE SET TO PAY TREASURY $ 919 MILLION : Mortgage giant Fannie Mae will pay the Treasury Department a dividend next month after posting net income of $ 1.1 billion in the January – March period .	26	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Iranian state television on Wednesday broadcast photos and a video of an American serviceman appearing to cry after he and nine other U.S. sailors were captured by the country ’s Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps ( IRGC ) last month .	25	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
This includes an invitation former President Clinton received to speak at a climate change conference in Turkey , for which he would have been compensated by the Turkish government , and another speaking engagement paid for by the Canadian government .	24	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Military spy satellites can peer even closer .	1	government.spy.spy
Snowden has been living in exile in Russia since June 2013 and faces US charges of espionage and theft of state property , which could put him in jail for 30 years .	28	movement.transportperson.preventexit
As Naomi Klein documents in The Shock Doctrine , neoliberal theorists advocated the use of crises to impose unpopular policies while people were distracted : for example , in the aftermath of Pinochet ’s coup , the Iraq war and Hurricane Katrina , which Friedman described as “ an opportunity to radically reform the educational system ” in New Orleans .	11	contact.requestadvise.n/a
In the same week , a federal judge ordered the same five persons to give videotaped testimony in a civil lawsuit against the State Department which once employed them in order to determine if there was a “ conspiracy ” -- that ’s the word used by the judge -- in Mrs. Clinton ’s office to evade federal transparency laws .	27	personnel.startposition.hiring
In addition to Trump proposing a Muslim ban , Sen. Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Texas ) at one point suggested increasing surveillance on Muslim neighborhoods in the aftermath of the Brussels terrorist attacks in March .	4	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
PM Yıldırım was asked about the German parliament ’s voting on a resolution that labels the killings of Armenians a “ genocide ” during a press conference he held before his first official visit to Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus ( KKTC ) as the prime minister .	21	life.die.n/a
At one point , he suggests Clinton get the Russians involved by offering to remove a U.S. missile defense system set up in Eastern Europe .	5	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
It was a pointed reference to the fact that many Nazi war criminals , such as Holocaust mastermind Adolf Eichmann , fled to South America following the defeat of the Hitler regime in 1945 and escaped prosecution for decades .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
When the Clintons left 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue in 2001 , they reportedly vandalized and looted the White House .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
President Bush , she told the audience , had made a “ very explicit appeal ” that “ getting this vote would be a strong piece of leverage in order to finish the inspections . ” In other words , a resolution to use force would prod Saddam Hussein into readmitting U.N. inspectors , so they could continue their mission of verifying whether or not he had destroyed his chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons sites .	33	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Then , in 1989 , as the West was on the verge of winning the Cold War , Sanders addressed the national conference of the US Peace Council -- a known front for the Communist Party USA , whose members swore an oath not only to the Soviet Union but to " the triumph of Soviet power in the US . "	42	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The new sanctions , the toughest ever to be imposed on Pyongyang , require mandatory inspection of all cargo going in and out of the North , regardless of whether by land , sea or air , while banning its exports of coal , iron and other mineral resources , a key source of hard currency that accounts for nearly half of the country 's total exports .	15	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
On Sept. 13 , 1987 , a RNoAF P-3B had a mid - air collision in similar circumstances with a Soviet Sukhoi Su-27 Flanker over the Barents Sea .	14	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
The foreign donations are still not listed on the financial portion of the foundation ’s web site despite a claim in November by the non - profit ’s president , Donna Shalala , that “ there is nothing to suggest that the foundation intended to conceal the receipt of government grants , which we report on our website . ”	45	movement.transportperson.hide
NATO Secretary - General Jens Stoltenberg briefs the media during a NATO defence ministers meeting at the Alliance headquarters in Brussels , Belgium , June 14 , 2016 .	14	contact.collaborate.meet
This brief exchange would establish Trump ’s identity and confer all rights as commander in chief to order the military to carry out his nuclear wishes , possibly including launching an all - out nuclear attack on country X , Y or Z.	9	contact.discussion.meet
Democratic Party Chair Debbie Wasserman - Schultz - she will resign after - after the convention .	10	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The New York real estate developer has tapped into a deep discontent in a country where many feel left behind while Wall Street banks get bailouts , newcomers take jobs , terrorists threaten innocents and China rises economically at America ’s expense .	32	contact.threatencoerce.meet
The price of oil had risen in recent weeks , largely due to speculation that some major exporters would limit supply .	20	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
The leak confirmed that political parties and their surrogates attempt to spin the press , that wealthy donors often angle for — and are appointed to — ambassadorships , and that people tend to say rude things via email .	24	personnel.startposition.n/a
The emails also reveal that Mitchell feared that mankind was on the brink of a space war that could lead to ETI intervention to stop humanity from self - annihilating .	29	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Top NATO officials say talk of an impending attack is misleading , a view shared by Paris and Berlin .	10	contact.prevarication.correspondence
He sought refuge in the Ecuadorian embassy in 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden over sex assault allegations that he says are a US plot to jail him for leaking US military and diplomatic files .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
One hospital told the charity that 43 % of the injured they treated on Saturday were children , and a Syrian ambulance crew said more than 50 % they picked up in the past 48 hours were children .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Many conservative groups and Republican politicians , including Sen. Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Texas ) , a presidential hopeful , are against it .	36	manufacture.artifact.n/a
The Democratic nominee , locked in a battle for the presidency with Donald Trump , also blasted her Republican rival for encouraging Moscow to spy on her .	24	government.spy.spy
A network of hijacked computers that was believed to be offline has resumed spamming its victims with ransomware .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
The charity said this had helped firms spend billions on an “ army ” of lobbyists calling for greater state support in the form of loans , bailouts and guarantees , funded by taxpayers .	25	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Other than insisting that there are people " voting many , many times " in this country , Trump has yet to produce any sound proof of a systematic plan to steal elections perpetrated by Obama and the Democrats .	22	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Despite the challenges , Hyperloop One ’s Lloyd said last month the company would build a system capable of transporting cargo by 2019 and passengers by 2021 .	19	movement.transportartifact.fall
Snowden has long claimed that he took an oath to “ support and defend the Constitution ” ( see here and here ) , and he has implied that he was fulfilling this oath when he stole and distributed the documents .	33	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
In direct reference to the atrocities against the Armenians , the resolution says : " Their fate exemplifies the mass exterminations , the ethnic cleansing , the expulsions and indeed the genocides that marked the 20th century in such a terrible way . "	31	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
SECRETARY CLINTON : I think we — I think our brand was battered for a lot of reasons .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The injured and sick people are stranded at the Turkish border or dying inside Syria because hospitals have become the new front line in the offensive on the northern part of the Aleppo Countryside governorate .	3	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
After the recent event in France , I recommended several times to negotiate with Iran over the issue of terrorism .	12	contact.discussion.meet
But not only do the documents Vice News acquired show that did occur , but the revelations that they may have lied about this sparked panic up the ranks .	8	transaction.transferownership.n/a
After Morell left the agency , Obama appointed him to the President ’s Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies , which prepared a whitewash of National Security Agency spying following the revelations by Edward Snowden .	7	personnel.startposition.hiring
According to EUCOM , the Flanker began the barrel roll from the left side of the U.S. RC-135 and went over the top of it to end on the right side of the aircraft , an aggressive maneuver ( not compliant with the international standards ) that brought the Russian jet dangerously close to colliding with the Combat Sent .	54	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Wasserman Schultz was forced to resign the day before the Democratic National Convention nominated Clinton .	5	personnel.endposition.n/a
If you consider me a liar for my support of Warren , Webb and O'Malley before Sanders , or even an article on a Republican I wrote simply to protest perpetual wars , then do n't vote for me when I run for president .	31	conflict.attack.n/a
It all came to a dramatic end when Mustafa surrendered at Larnaca airport with his hands in the air at 1 pm .	9	conflict.yield.surrender
A series of protests , which became known as the Orange Revolution , forced a re - vote , which Yanukovych lost .	3	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Ties between Turkey and Germany - vital partners in efforts to curb mass migration to Europe - have been strained since Germany passed a resolution in June branding the 1915 massacre of Armenians by Ottoman forces as genocide .	30	conflict.attack.n/a
South Korean vehicles transporting employees working at the Kaesong Industrial Complex ( KIC ) wait to pass the gateway at the South 's CIQ ( Customs , Immigration and Quarantine ) , just south of the demilitarised zone separating the two Koreas , in Paju , South Korea , February 11 , 2016 .	27	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Los Angeles Police Department spokeswoman Jane Kim said on Monday that investigators were aware of the recall issue with the Jeep and were looking at whether that played any role in the fatality .	32	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Consideration of other alternatives , including the shipment of arms to U.S.-allied Kurdish forces in Syria , and an increase in the quantity and quality of weapons supplied to opposition fighters in Aleppo and elsewhere , were deferred until later , officials said .	7	movement.transportartifact.fall
" Armed with proper equipment , and working with US advisors , the Peshmerga [ Kurdish rebel forces ] can attack the ISIL with a coordinated assault , " Podesta explained .	26	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In 2013 , Trump implied that Snowden should be executed .	9	life.die.n/a
I had a major event in Russia two or three years ago , which was a big , big incredible event . ” And it provided the reality television mogul the opportunity to hobnob with a Putin crony who is now under US sanctions , various oligarchs who are chums with the Russian leader , and an alleged Russian mafioso accused by the US government of protecting a global criminal enterprise that operated directly below one of Trump ’s own apartments in Trump Tower .	60	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
For example , in 2011 then Secretary of State Clinton visited the country of Myanmar where she met with Nobel Prize winner Aung Sang Suu Kyi , who had recently been freed after having been detained for twenty years for speaking against the military junta that had controlled the country for nearly a half - century .	35	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Bardack stated the episode occurred due to the combination of that diagnosis , dehydration and overheating .	13	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Meanwhile , white supremacist David Duke heaped praise on Trump ’s running mate Michael Pence , after Pence refused to call him “ deplorable ” in a Sept. 12 interview .	29	contact.discussion.n/a
The urine sample bottles , manufactured by Berlinger , a Swiss company , were designed so that they could not be opened without breaking the cap once the bottle had been sealed .	5	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
" If we have to start negotiating separately with the United Kingdom , that 's going to start from a different vantage point , especially because we 've had years of progress . "	6	contact.negotiate.correspondence
After a failed attempt to overhaul the nation ’s health care system , she threw her support behind legislation to establish the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , which now covers more than eight million lower - income young people .	20	government.formation.startgpe
They are not ready for any dialogue , and you do n’t have time to make dialogue , you want to protect your citizens , so you have to kill them , ” the Syrian leader said .	16	contact.discussion.n/a
Granted , I ’m not a lawyer , but 18 U.S. Code 1924 — “ Unauthorized removal and retention of classified documents or material ” — clearly states that anyone who “ knowingly removes ” materials “ without authority and with the intent to retain such documents or materials at an unauthorized location shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than one year , or both . ” Perhaps a prosecution would have been tough , but everything Comey laid out in his press conference — until the very end — only substantiated that Hillary had nonchalantly mishandled classified information .	60	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
U.S. authorities also alleged that the bank had been used between 2002 and 2006 to funnel money to a unit of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard that has sponsored terrorist attacks — a period that overlapped with the time the bank rented office space from Trump . ”	40	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Dr. Lisa Bardack adds that Clinton is " recovering well with antibiotics and rest " after she became overheated , dehydrated and felt dizzy at a 9/11 memorial ceremony on Sunday .	20	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
However , some of the most potentially damaging decisions she made was as a private citizen while still possessing the server full of classified materials from her time as Secretary of State .	7	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Embargo has n’t worked for 50 + years .	0	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The United States , Mrs. Clinton said , needs to “ do everything we can ” to restrain the competitions , including exploring new treaties with Moscow that would go beyond the New Start treaty of 2010 , which she helped negotiate .	41	contact.discussion.meet
On Friday , the international medical humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders demanded that the Syrian government and its allies " halt the indiscriminate bombing that has killed and wounded hundreds of civilians — many of them children , " over the past week in Aleppo .	11	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Andrey Kostin , head of the state - run bank VTB , which allegedly made loans to Mr Roldugin through a Cypriot subsidiary , called the notion of Mr Putin ’s involvement “ bullshit ” .	15	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
What do you think about General and Secretary of State Colin Powell , whose parents immigrated from Jamaica , or former Army intelligence officer , Secretary of Defense and CIA Director Leon Panetta , whose family immigrated from Italy ?	15	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
He said he hopes the U.S. government will look more closely at whether such behavior violated federal laws .	15	government.agreements.violateagreement
In March , EgyptAir Flight 181 en route to Cyprus was hijacked by a passenger claiming to be wearing a suicide belt .	11	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Hillary Clinton 's assertion to the grieving mother of a Benghazi , Libya , victim that the deadly 2012 assault was caused by an anti - Islam video was as " true " as the fact it was a terror strike , according to ex - CIA acting director Michael Morell .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Abbas is insistent that he wants to participate in the funeral due to its international importance and the presence of numerous world leaders , even if his decision draws broad public criticism from Palestinians , they said .	10	contact.funeralvigil.meet
By doing so , ISIS commanders intend to prevent the Syrian Arab Army from capturing Deir Hader , Tabqa Airbase and Jirah Airbase .	14	movement.transportperson.preventexit
In each country , a representative sample of around 1,000 people were interviewed in person , via telephone , online or a combination of those methods .	17	contact.collaborate.n/a
After paying $ 41 million for the place in November 2004 , Trump called it “ the finest piece of land in Florida , and probably the U.S. ” He vowed to upgrade the structure into “ the second - greatest house in America . ” ( Second , of course , to his nearby Mar - a - Lago resort . )	30	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Then Civil Rights 1964 and Voting Rights 1965 is the tipping point .	5	government.vote.castvote
On the other hand , the sickness could come from simple mining – North Korea digs the uranium enriched at Yongbyon right out the earth .	6	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Shaaban noted that the West does n’t feel embarrassed if it signs an agreement and does n’t abide by it , and it ’s attempting to do so with Russia as it did before regarding the nuclear agreement with Iran .	13	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
He 's also got Russia into Syria , Iran and Crimea , threatening Baltics , buzzing Navy planes w/ SU-27s https://t.co/mFA49eVx1k — Hugh Hewitt ( @hughhewitt ) September 9 , 2016	12	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Many politicians and political scientists ( including , for example , Arseniy Yatsenyuk and Zbigniew Brzezinski ) argue that the 2014 annexation of Crimea showed President Vladimir Putin ’s desire to construct the “ Soviet Union 2.0 ” — and direct global affairs once more .	31	manufacture.artifact.n/a
The agreement , published on the US Department of State website , outlines that both parties will “ not simulate attacks at , launch objects toward or illuminate the bridges of the other party ’s ships ” , and will “ take steps to avoid collisions ” .	45	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Western media blame Russia sometimes bizarrely for various incidents , including the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in 2014 to the vandalizing of a Swedish TV mast last month .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
After discussing the alleged shooting of Palestinian children by Israeli soldiers , Baroness Tonge said : " I assure noble Lords that the great danger for Israel is that by treating children in this way , she is creating a generation of terrorists who will have a justified grudge against Israel and the countries who support her – beware .	4	conflict.attack.firearmattack
His predecessor , George W. Bush , for instance , found that early in his presidency that imprecise language could trip him up , as he stumbled into controversies on Taiwan policy and the terminology used to refer to terrorism after 9/11 .	26	movement.transportperson.fall
RELATED STORIES ' CUBS OF THE CALIPHATE ' ISIS release shocking footage of child soldiers executing Taliban captives accused of spying BAGHDAD BOMBINGS At least 125 dead and 150 injured after ISIS car blast at shopping centre cages of death Chilling images reveal the hellhole prisons where ISIS captives were BURNED ALIVE as the jihadis fled Fallujah GOTCHA SAS soldiers shoot and kill three British ISIS extremists during 30 minute gun battle in Libya HOSTAGE DRAMA ISIS release gloating pictures of Bangladesh terror siege victims as its revealed all 20 killed were foreigners FREED TO KILL ISIS mastermind of Istanbul massacre ' dodged extradition to Russia because it breached HUMAN RIGHTS '	33	conflict.attack.n/a
Earlier this year , he testified during a House Education and the Workforce Committee hearing on “ ways to make CTE programs more rigorous , relevant , high - quality , and aligned with both academic and labor market demands . ” He is co - chair of the Senate Career and Technical Education Caucus .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Trump insisted to ABC : “ I think I ’ve made a lot of sacrifices . ” He cited his “ millions of dollars ” in donations for veterans , although the businessman was found to have donated only after the Washington Post found he gave far less than he boasted he had over several months .	37	transaction.transaction.n/a
Described by the Guardian columnist Owen Jones as " funny , charming , with a coolness that eludes practically every other politician " , Obama the other day sent drones to slaughter 150 people in Somalia .	31	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Analysis of statements from over 190 world leaders suggests Republican nominee for White House would be isolated as a climate denier	8	contact.requestadvise.meet
Questions still remain about how Brazile obtained the question in advance of the debate .	6	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Perhaps even more concerning is the rapprochement between Russia and Turkey in the wake of last month ’s abortive coup against Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , which by all indications enjoyed the support of Washington and its European allies .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
Defined it means to assassinate a public figure , diplomat or someone of political note .	4	life.die.n/a
Top of Turkey ’s agenda will be demands for the extradition from Pennsylvania of Fethullah Gülen , a cleric and friend - turned - foe of Erdoğan whose return to Turkey to face charges has become a litmus test for improving US - Turkey ties .	7	contact.commandorder.broadcast
If sent to the Oval Office , Hillary Clinton will enact the TPP .	10	government.legislate.legislate
He 's said he consults himself on foreign policy , and he is resistant to conferring with experts .	15	contact.discussion.meet
He drove an hour to the donation center to show his support for the shooting victims .	14	conflict.attack.firearmattack
“ CNN never gave Brazile access to any questions , prep material , attendee list , background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or debate , ” CNN spokeswoman Lauren Pratapas said in a statement .	27	contact.discussion.meet
The Borgarting Court of Appeal said it could not rule on the Snowden petition asking for guarantees as there is no formal extradition request and Snowden is not in Norway .	22	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
During his 1992 campaign for the presidency , Bill Clinton was fond of promising America , “ You get two for the price of one , ” indicating Hillary Clinton would act as his co - president .	13	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Q : One of your surrogates , President Clinton , was here in the city the other day , and confronted by a couple of Black Lives Matter protesters who brought up the crime bill , the welfare reform bills President Clinton signed into law , he became agitated and responded they were trying to protect the crack dealers that were sending 13-year - olds out on the street to sell drugs and die .	42	government.legislate.legislate
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announced Friday that France will try to convene an international peace summit in the next few weeks to renew diplomatic efforts between Israeli and the Palestinians .	12	contact.discussion.meet
Now we are not subject to setting conditions and blackmailing .	9	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
' We know that Iraq and al - Qaeda have had high - level contacts that go back a decade ... We've learned that Iraq has trained al - Qaeda members in bomb - making and poisons and deadly gases ' .	36	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
Sure , he appears on the ballot with an R next to his name , but you are supporting a candidate who has hijacked your party .	23	conflict.attack.n/a
See the above link for more details about the Russian uranium link , Chinagate and the $ 10 million of hush moneys paid to cover up this mass murder of 911 all paid through the Clinton Foundation ; http://www.scam.com/entry.php?3719-Hillary-Clinton-Protected-911-Saudi-M ...	28	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Russia has decided to freeze its shipment of S-300 anti - aircraft missile system to Iran , Kuwaiti newspaper Al - Jarida reported on Saturday .	6	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
His vow to round up and deport 11 million undocumented immigrants , while perhaps not requiring congressional action , would necessitate a kind of intrusive police power this country has never seen , " they added .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The State Department pressured the governments of India , Germany , and Spain to refuse to recognize the validity of Abkhazian passports and , in violation of the US - UN Treaty , refused to permit Abkhazian diplomats to visit UN headquarters in New York .	31	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
“ We will make it very clear in the London conference that the Syrian crisis is no longer only a refugee concern but also a security burden – an issue of sleeper cells , illicit drugs , trafficking , terror and radicalisation .	37	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
The story of Trump ’s income tax - free life begins in 1990 with Trump ’s well - documented mismanagement of his casinos and his admission that he paid far too much for “ trophy properties ” like the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan and 23 worn - out jetliners for the short - lived Trump Shuttle airline .	5	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Trump did not leave U.S. [ personnel ] in Benghazi to be slaughtered and desecrated by filthy Muslims .	12	conflict.attack.n/a
All 224 people on board Metrojet Flight 9268 died – including 219 Russian passengers and crew – after a bomb was detonated in the hold as it flew over the Sinai Peninsula .	21	conflict.attack.bombing
Republican elected officials and contenders for the next presidential election expressed open contempt for the Paris deliberations , refusing to even attend the proceedings .	23	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Listen to the audio of the interview .	6	contact.discussion.meet
Between 2010 and 2012 , arms sales to Bahrain increased by 187 percent over a similar period from 2006 - 8 during the Bush administration , including a $ 70,000 purchase of toxicological agents .	30	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
He could , in fact , unilaterally order mass deportations , resume torturing detainees , undo the preservation of natural treasures and tear up long - standing trade agreements .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Trump was in the midst of criticizing international trade agreements , including the Trans - Pacific Partnership .	9	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The ultimate aim of any new action could be to bolster the battered moderate rebels so they can weather what is now widely seen as the inevitable fall of rebel - held eastern Aleppo to the forces of Russian- and Iranian - backed Syrian President Bashar al - Assad .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
MATTHEWS : Do you think there were any signs of illness last night by the former secretary of state ?	10	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
9 ) This leak is likely a warning that someone can prove US responsibility for any attacks that originated from this malware server .	16	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump benefited from millions of dollars in loans from his father , as well as his father 's connections in New York real state and local government .	7	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
In an interview with a local station in Miami on Tuesday , Trump changed his story , as Hawkins notes .	2	contact.discussion.n/a
A Syrian rebel ’s slaying in Turkey points to the long , lethal reach of ISIS	4	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
If I were a bad guy , and I got hold of this kind of information , the last thing I would do would be to roll the guy up . ” He adds : “ If it were one of my people , I might start feeding him , the source , slightly skewed information so as to mislead the U.S.	59	contact.prevarication.meet
" The Syrian regime continues to resort to all means to prolong its grip on power , keeps employing all instruments of force and violence available to itself , be it chemical weapons , barrel bombs , ballistic missiles , targeted killings , arbitrary detentions , torture , systematic abuse , starvation and forced displacement , " Çevik added .	51	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
You simply do not have a right to the fruits of others ’ labor without compensating them for it .	15	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell , a retired four - star general who served under three Republican presidents , slammed GOP nominee Donald Trump as “ a national disgrace ” and an “ international pariah , ” according to his personal emails seen by BuzzFeed News .	8	personnel.endposition.quitretire
He digs in his heels and decides he need not abide by a Supreme Court ruling invalidating parts of his wacky immigration plan .	21	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
There are other ways to attack our election system on the Internet besides hacking voting machines or changing vote tallies : deleting voter records , hijacking candidate or party websites , targeting and intimidating campaign workers or donors .	33	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Clinton also addressed head - on the perception that she is chilly or aloof , telling the online interview site Humans of New York on Thursday that her natural reserve is born of the “ hard path ” she walked as a professional woman .	2	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
“ The potential for a pullback in motivation of Clinton supporters , or further resurgence among Trump ’s , may cause concern in the Clinton camp – especially because this dynamic already was under way , ” Langer added .	5	conflict.yield.n/a
She started the war that put them in Libya , denied him the security he asked for , then left him there to die .	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Starting with the 1972 Nixon re - election campaign , when a hippie - bashing college student named Roger Stone joined Nixon ’s dirty tricks team , and impressed them with stunts like planting a fake check from the Socialist Party in a rival ’s campaign fund kitty , then leaking that story to the press ... Or planting a spy in Hubert Humphrey ’s campaign and seeing to it that his spy becomes Hubert Humphrey ’s favorite driver on the campaign trail ...	60	government.spy.spy
Rep. Anna Eshoo , D - Calif . , the bill ’s lead Democratic sponsor , said in the same statement that the bill would “ better address the religious freedom and violent extremism problems being experienced in the 21st century . ”	32	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The campaign has been forced to address a slew of stories including a Wall Street Journal report that the Clintons used the Foundation to help their friends ; an International Business Times report that the State Department under Clinton approved increased arms sales to governments that had donated to the Foundation ; revelations about the millions of dollars Bill Clinton has collected from Foundation donors ; and the release of emails detailing the two - day appointment to a sensitive State position of Rajiv Fernando , a Foundation donor who stepped down after ABC News started asking about his qualifications .	47	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
He reiterated the possibility of a plea deal last year , after stepping down from his post as the country ’s top law enforcement officer in April 2015 and returning to private practice with the Washington law firm Covington & Burling .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
This " auction " seems an awful good way to publicly embarrass a political rival in a way that ca n't be positively attributed .	2	transaction.transferownership.purchase
We can actually begin to rein in the Saudis with a weapons embargo and by impounding their bank accounts .	12	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
And she deeply respects women and homosexuals , including the 49 people who were slaughtered in the Orlando nightclub .	14	conflict.attack.n/a
Indiscriminate attacks are prohibited	1	conflict.attack.n/a
Occasional trucks , transporting oil tanks , drive through the city	3	movement.transportperson.n/a
The Senate Republicans , by blatantly and transparently obstructing President Obama 's judicial nominations , have goaded the Democrats into an historic mistake .	8	movement.transportperson.prevententry
PHILADELPHIA – The National Security Agency ( NSA ) has “ all ” of Hillary Clinton ’s deleted emails and the FBI could gain access to them if they so desired , William Binney , a former highly placed NSA official , declared in a radio interview broadcast on Sunday .	47	contact.mediastatement.n/a
The US has urged " strong and swift action " after a UN investigation found that Syria 's government used chemical weapons against its own people .	3	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Iran said on Sunday that it had indeed Amiri had been hanged for treason .	11	conflict.attack.hanging
For its part , Russia insisted last week that renewed Turkish accusations of airspace violations were cover for Ankara ’s threatening military plans .	20	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
It 's surely only a matter of time before a barrel of crude oil will be cheaper to buy than a pint in a London pub .	18	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The French supporters prepare to hurl more objects at the the English fans congregated at the bar	13	contact.collaborate.meet
Stein was asked about the shooting and what she would recommend to white residents , who may be afraid to organize in the west side because they fear violence in the community .	10	contact.requestadvise.meet
Smith , who spoke at the Republican national convention , had her speech broadcast live on CNN and MSNBC .	13	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Sometimes armed groups would call them to come and collect the files after a firefight ended .	14	conflict.attack.n/a
And what about abolishing draft registration ?	3	government.legislate.legislate
The victim was 5 ft , 11 in , and fought off Clinton by scratching and kicking until she was able to get away .	16	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In May , Peña Nieto visited Mexico City ’s Ibero - American University and was bombarded by angry chants and boos from students .	15	conflict.attack.n/a
Jihadis armed with a pellet gun , knives and a suicide belt wounded three	12	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Polish government plans to demolish about 500 Soviet monuments throughout the country , head of the Institute of National Remembrance Lukasz Kaminsky said in an interview with online portal Onet.pl , the RBC news website reported Thursday .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Wis . ) said Friday he personally spoke with Donald Trump Donald TrumpOvernight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul Republicans and the lost promise of local control in education MORE to reprimand him over the controversial comments he made about a U.S. district court judge .	113	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The shipment was sent to a facility located on the Dutch island of Curacao in the Caribbean .	1	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Brian Fitzpatrick , the brother of Bucks County ’s retiring congressman Mike Fitzpatrick , joined a Beatles cover band singing “ With a Little Help From My Friends . ”	9	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Police arrested a lovestruck “ idiot ” who wore a fake suicide belt and forced an EgyptAir passenger jet to land in Cyprus Tuesday morning , government officials confirmed , ending a bizarre and frightening hijacking that stretched on for hours .	35	conflict.attack.n/a
One of the young people involved in the dispute with Krasnov then lodged a complaint against him accusing him of “ offending the sentiments of Orthodox believers ” .	17	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
The quarrel continued into this week , as Trump tweeted that Khan had “ viciously attacked ” him and had shifted focus from the real concern , “ RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM . ” The GOP nominee faced strong criticism from a bipartisan group of decorated combat veterans , members of Congress and family members of slain soldiers .	55	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Bubenchik said that by 20 February , after the blaze in the House of Trade Unions on Independence Square , the protesters had moved to the Conservatory , from where they were shooting at the riot police from hunting rifles .	9	conflict.attack.n/a
Donald Trump ’s response to his critics suggests he does not understand or accept this cornerstone feature of American society .	7	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
But they are evenly split on whether he was motivated by altruism or politics : 45 percent say he did it because he thinks it is the right thing to do , while 42 percent say he did it because it would help Democrats win elections .	44	personnel.elect.n/a
In addition to the cuts in legal immigration , Trump pledged to build a wall along the border with Mexico , aggressively step up efforts to detain and deport immigrants convicted of crimes , complete a long - planned effort to accurately track entry and exit visas , greatly expand the size of the Border Patrol and the immigration service and cut off federal money to cities and other local governments that fail to cooperate with federal enforcement efforts .	26	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
It is believed a device he was carrying exploded , although it was not clear if it was a suicide bombing or whether the man intended to plant the device : 12 people were injured .	8	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
" The biggest fear is that one day he 's going to wake up and say ' everybody from the U.S. , get out of town ' and we 'd have to leave our loved ones behind , " said Jack Walker , a retired Marine sergeant who has lived in Olongapo , the town around the base , for five years .	44	personnel.endposition.quitretire
But in March 2014 , Mueller was told by ISIS to pen two letters to her family stating the demands for her freedom : the release of convicted al - Qaeda operative Aafia Siddiqui from a U.S. federal prison or 5 million euros .	19	contact.commandorder.n/a
When given the opportunity to comment on Fox News about the ruthless dictator of North Korea , instead of condemning him for growing his nuclear weapon arsenal or starving his own people , you said of Kim , “ I mean , it ’s amazing that a young guy would go over and take over .	53	government.formation.n/a
So the banks agreed to lend him tens of millions more in exchange for Trump temporarily ceding control over his multibillion - dollar empire and accepting a budget of $ 450,000 a month for personal expenditures .	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Clinton also faces the potential for perjury charges for lying under oath to Congress .	11	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Asked if France would demand the man 's extradition , Pison said : " We 're not at that point yet . "	8	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
The militants recently lost the key city of Ramadi , while air strikes , previously carried out almost entirely by the U.S. , are now being conducted with renewed aggression by France , Russia and the UK .	12	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Washington Post reported that Clinton fundraiser Susie Tompkins Buell , a member of George Soros ’s shadowy billionaires ’ club known as the Democracy Alliance , donated $ 10 million to the Clinton Foundation ( for more on the Democracy Alliance , see Foundation Watch , October 2014 ) .	27	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
We are funding terrorism , " Yoho said , labeling it " unconscionable " to provide aid to Palestine in the name of peace while the Palestinian Authority is subsidizing terrorists .	15	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Officials suspect “ residual heat and embers ” were left after emergency responders treated the first blaze , which sparked the second fire .	16	conflict.attack.n/a
Mogilevich was once on the FBI ’s top 10 most wanted list , has an Interpol Red Notice out for his arrest , and the FBI says publicly he is " involved in weapons trafficking , contract murders , extortion , drug trafficking , and prostitution on an international scale . "	37	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The story appeared March 22 , 2015 , under the headline , “ Obama promised to curb the influence of lobbyists .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Dr. Stein also urged Obama to listen to the testimony of the survivors of the nuclear attack , who have dedicated their lives to the elimination of nuclear weapons so that no one else should ever experience the hell on earth they survived .	3	contact.commandorder.n/a
The UN ordered Sweden and UK to immediately release him and compensate him for violating his rights .	11	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A man was seen fleeing from a cockpit window shortly before the hijacker surrendered	22	conflict.yield.surrender
EU Ambassador to Israeli Lars Faaborg - Andersen said on July 27 that since 2009 , approximately 170 EU - funded structures of a value of € 300,000 have been demolished or confiscated and approximately 600 structures , worth over € 2.3 million , have been served with demolition , stop - work or eviction orders and are therefore under threat of demolition .	32	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
His hands were bruised , his knees are bruised , his face is bruised , and yet he had two shots to his back , and yet they never took anything , ' his mother Mary told Washington 's NBC affiliate .	3	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The situation worsened after the Kremlin slapped a ban on many Western food imports in 2014 during the height of tensions over Moscow 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula and alleged meddling in Ukraine ’s civil war .	13	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both responded to the Orlando massacre on Monday , June 13 , 2016 .	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It ’s a grand structure , built by his father Fred Trump , featuring 23 rooms and nine bathrooms , with a path that twists around flowerbeds to the street below .	6	manufacture.artifact.n/a
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party	3	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Indeed , they acted much as banks had done prior to the 1929 crash and the first Glass - Steagall Act : They made short - term loans to securities firms and other high - flying financial institutions — firms like Bear Sterns and Lehman Brothers — that used short - term borrowed funds to make highly speculative investments in bad mortgage products and other high - risk financial instruments .	52	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
After all , they ’re providing aid to your enemies .	5	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
According to the fund , firearms were responsible for 41 of 123 officer fatalities in 2015 , one of the safest years for officers on record .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Even if U.S. troops massacred the Moros , it is pretty rich for Duterte to demand an apology for an extra - judicial killing carried out more than a century ago while he is carrying out a rampage of extra - judicial killings of his own .	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
DR . JILL STEIN : And this is how you do it , is by actually breaking into the political dialogue ; otherwise , we are essentially wiped out , we are eliminated from that political dialogue —	36	contact.discussion.meet
He had just purchased Montenegro ’s aluminum industry and intended to buy broader swaths of its economy .	3	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Only Alaska allows any voter to cast a ballot across the net , according to Verified Voting .	16	government.vote.castvote
During the negotiations Israel has demanded that Turkey close down Hamas ' military command post in Turkey .	5	contact.commandorder.broadcast
According to Syria 's Arab News Agency ( SANA ) , a car bomb explosion has gone off in the countryside of Damascus and initial information say there are casualties , where a car rigged with explosions was remotely detonated at the entrance of Moadhamiyet al - Sham neighborhood in rural Damascus during engineering units it was trying to dismantled it	39	conflict.attack.bombing
For Switzerland Zug , Switzerland , Sept. 27 , 2001 : A man whose lawsuits had been denied murdered 14 members of a cantonal parliament .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
They did a good job to keep us all quiet so the hijacker does not do anything rash , " she said in a telephone interview .	24	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Minority Leader Harry Reid Harry ReidTrump 's crush on foreign autocrats threatens democracy at home How the Obama administration made it possible to gut Medicaid Indiana canvassers charged with submitting fake voter applications MORE ( D - Nev . ) praised the Democratic proposal earlier Monday , saying it would “ close the terror loophole which allows suspected terrorists to illegally purchase weapons and explosives . ”	11	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
To the contrary , those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions . "	13	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
The move came just days after it was announced efforts by European diplomats to host a similar meeting in Paris had failed , and further signals Mr Putin ’s ambition for Russia to eventually replace the United States as chief negotiator in the Middle East .	8	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Mohammad Rahami told reporters he contacted federal authorities after Ahmad stabbed Nasser , another one of his sons , and attacked another family member , which led to a criminal investigation .	10	conflict.attack.stabbing
“ While at this morning ’s event , she became overheated and dehydrated .	12	life.injure.n/a
He says there are no fatalities and that all legislators are safe at a parliamentary shelter .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
He won election that year , after serving as head of the Democratic National Committee , governor of Virginia and lieutenant governor .	1	personnel.elect.n/a
And the political ride will only get rockier for Trump in the coming days after he suggested that one way to keep a conservative Supreme Court after Hillary Clinton got elected would be to assassinate her or federal judges .	34	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
With a tiny minority of Muslims to join the dialogue , the public debate has splayed outward to the extremes .	9	contact.discussion.n/a
A Clinton TV ad made the misleading claim that “ in the last seven years drug prices have doubled . ” To support that claim , her campaign cited a report that said brand - name drug prices , on average , have more than doubled in that time .	6	contact.prevarication.broadcast
India toughened sentences for rape and introduced fast - track courts for sexual assault trials after the fatal 2012 gang - rape focused world attention on violence against women in the country .	17	life.die.n/a
They see the obstruction of aid deliveries on the border as a stalling tactic , and one which they have seen before .	3	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
And in this place , contraceptive pills that have been smuggled in are the only way to save a pregnant woman from being stoned to death .	10	movement.transportperson.hide
Clinton 's campaign has previously criticized Trump for his praise of Russian leader Vladimir Putin , a point that was highlighted this past week when Trump suggested that without sufficient financial contributions , the US under his leadership may not honor NATO commitments to defend European allies against attacks from Russian .	26	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Or , probably , starting with his full - page ad calling for the death penalty against five black teenagers in New York City who were accused of rape — wrongly , as it turned out .	14	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Kiev responded with an embargo against Russian food .	4	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
The interview with Jabhat al - Nusra ’s commander was taken at a stone quarry in Aleppo on September 17 by Koelner Stadt - Anzeiger journalist Jurgen Todenhofer on his seventh trip to war - torn Syria .	35	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
May 18 , 2016 - The ISIS affiliate in Afghanistan and Pakistan , known as Wilayat Khorasan , claimed it had detonated two IEDs in Peshawar , Pakistan .	21	conflict.attack.bombing
President Gerald Ford ’s insistence that there was “ no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe ” ranks high among the most memorable blunders of past presidential debates , while Sarah Palin ’s short - lived stint as John McCain ’s running mate saw a plethora of errors , including the improbable assertion that Vladimir Putin might want to singlehandedly invade Alaska .	59	conflict.attack.invade
“ Assir , ” a Hezbollah recruiter and trainer in Lebanon who also commands a Special Forces unit that fights across Syria , says the Russians are increasingly impressed with Hezbollah and rely on it , rather than the Syrian military , to guard Russian arms depots inside Syria .	13	contact.commandorder.n/a
They have loans .	2	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Supposedly , Ammon and company are following in his father 's felonious footsteps by seizing this federal property in protest of the arrest of two Oregon ranchers -- Dwight and Steven Hammond , who were convicted of arson for setting fire to 127 acres of Federal land so as to protect their own property from uncontrollable forest fires .	37	conflict.attack.setfire
The UK has said its policy is to provide aid money to neighbouring countries so that they can support refugees closer to home .	8	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Over a dozen of our surveillance aircraft , including drones , are working in the vicinity , ” Army General Valery Gerasimov , the chief of Russia ’s General Staff , said .	5	government.spy.spy
And they never walked .	3	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
The mass killings began on April 24 , 1915 , when 250 Armenian intellectuals were detained by Ottoman authorities and later executed in their capital , Constantinople , which is now present - day Istanbul .	21	life.die.n/a
A computer hacker briefly hijacked Twitter.com in 2009 , redirecting users to a website and claiming to represent a group calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
The 1992 Tatarstan shooting was a mass murder .	3	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Now , thanks to the Left , when the person who ( let ’s say ) has been disaffected by the lies of the Black Lives Matter movement or the Cologne immigrant mass rapes looks over and sees a Holocaust denier , he may only now think to himself , “ You know , both of us have been tarnished , labeled , and cast out of the mainstream conversation in just exactly the same way .	21	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Thus it was that the United States , along with NATO , bombed the people of Libya almost daily for more than six months , giving as an excuse that Gaddafi was about to invade Benghazi , the Libyan center of his opponents , and so the United States was thus saving the people of that city from a massacre .	59	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
That post came in the middle of a series of tweets from Duncan , who earlier remarked that it was “ crazy that public opinion is being driven this election cycle by an accused rapist hiding out in the Embassy of foreign country # wikileaks . ” Julian Assange , WikiLeaks ’ founder , has been inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since 2012 , avoiding extradition to Sweden in relation to a rape allegation .	66	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
“ There ’s a 27-year - old who works for the DNC who was shot in the back , murdered , just a few weeks ago , for unknown reasons as he was walking down the streets in Washington . ”	33	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
From the Clinton website : " she will focus enforcement resources on detaining and deporting those individuals who pose a violent threat to public safety , and work to ensure refugees who seek asylum in the U.S. have a fair chance to tell their stories . "	33	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Cheniere Energy ’s newly completed Sabine Pass facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast recently sent a shipment of American liquefied natural gas , which should arrive in Portugal within a few days .	16	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Secretary Jeh Johnson declined to be specific but said the department is now monitoring the social media use of people who apply for various immigration benefits , along with those seeking asylum under the Obama administration ’s controversial program to accept refugees from Syria .	31	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
It controls almost 30 percent of Russia ’s aggregate banking assets , employs a quarter - million people and “ is functionally an arm of the Kremlin , although it ’s ostensibly a private institution , ” The Observer notes .	12	personnel.startposition.hiring
The Wisconsin Republican has rebuked Trump multiple times over the last year for , among other things , proposing a ban on allowing Muslims into the U.S. and failing to promptly disavow support from a white supremacist .	18	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
However , both sides oppose the al Qaeda - linked Nusra Front , which was not included in a ceasefire deal which has failed to prevent widespread violence .	19	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
If scientists confirm the explosion was due to a meteorite , it would be the first recorded human fatality due to a falling space rock .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It is probably no accident that the ‘ offending text’ should be Ukrainian , and fairly nationalist , however it was specifically over the following paragraph in the repost that the criminal proceedings against Luzgin were initiated :	32	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
That July , it was announced that Castro was undergoing intestinal surgery .	11	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
The U.S. hopes that tighter sanctions can force impoverished North Korea to return to long - stalled negotiations on providing aid in exchange for denuclearization , but there appears to be little prospect of their resumption because of Pyongyang 's determination to have nuclear weapons .	19	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Eleven people were killed and 81 wounded in the blasts , Belgian Health Minister Maggie de Block said .	6	life.injure.n/a
He urged world leaders to “ leave no stone unturned ” in finding a solution to the Syrian conflict .	1	contact.commandorder.n/a
VLADIMIR Putin is on the brink of leaking top secret satellite images of the 9/11 attack that could topple the US government , it has been claimed .	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In his account , Russia rapidly expands its war aims by invading the Baltic states , which are NATO members , and world war ensues .	11	conflict.attack.n/a
Widespread allegations his forces are using starvation as a weapon of war in sieges on rebel - held areas ?	6	life.injure.n/a
The sides are separated by a demilitarised buffer zone , but small clashes have broken out frequently .	12	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the C.I.A. ’s help .	6	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the CIA 's help .	6	movement.transportartifact.fall
Trump later denied saying this , but the Times had taped the interview and released the recording .	12	contact.discussion.n/a
“ Leaking the secret service files is an attempt to drive a wedge between western Europe and the USA – the biggest since the Second World War , ” Hans - Georg Maaßen , head of Germany 's domestic intelligence agency ( Verfassungsschutz ) , told Focus in the double interview .	50	contact.discussion.meet
" I 'm just horrified to think the commander - in - chief is conducting himself with such reckless disregard for his responsibilities , making himself part and parcel of every blackmail threat that one can imagine , " retired Marine Lt . Gen. Charles Cooper told the Washington Times in 1998 .	31	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Vice President Dick Cheney , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , and the rest of Bush ’s top officials could never even contemplate the sort of measures that President Kennedy and President Lyndon Johnson adopted 40 years earlier largely without protest .	40	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
The problem is that the rest of the country is n’t deceived .	11	contact.prevarication.meet
GETTY Russia faces sanctions for bombing Aleppo	3	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
John Kerry has threatened the Ecuadorian President with ' grave consequences for Equador ' if Assange is not silenced @StoneColdTruth - Roger Stone ( @RogerJStoneJr ) October 17 , 2016	3	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
ThreatConnect is the first known group of experts to link the self - proclaimed hacker to a Russian operation , amidst an ongoing FBI investigation and a presidential campaign rocked by the release of DNC emails that have embarrassed senior party leaders and inflamed intraparty tensions turning the Democratic National Convention .	13	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
However , 97 % of those said that “ recent warming is mostly man - made . ” And so what we have is a misleading statement that has become misrepresented and cited as fact .	25	contact.prevarication.n/a
The Rosa Khutor expansion , by some accounts , has already started : A “ citizens’ inspection ” by activists from the group Environmental Watch on North Caucasus ( EWNC ) in May 2015 revealed what it says is an illegal road going from Rosa Khutor through virgin territory toward the site of one of the planned resorts .	16	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
By the evening , possibly because Sanders himself emphatically urged this group of delegates to knock it the hell off , the booing largely subsided , but a handful of loud voices still remained :	9	contact.commandorder.meet
and the fact we have folks in congress who do n't even want us to get information about shootings in this country and fatalities , that 's pretty crazy stuff .	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It noted that civil wars have made up more than 90 per cent of all armed conflicts since the Second World War and that two - thirds of these have seen a third - party intervention .	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In the process they won elections and got mighty rich .	4	personnel.elect.winelection
Neo - fascist movements do not advance gradually by persuasion ; they first transform the terms of the debate , create a new movement based on untrammeled emotion , take over existing institutions , and then ruthlessly exploit events .	29	government.formation.n/a
One person died and 15 were wounded in the bombings , according to an activist with the opposition - aligned group Aleppo Media Center .	6	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
More than 300,000 people have been killed since Syria ’s conflict erupted in March 2011 with protests calling for the ouster of President Bashar Assad .	10	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
‘ They tore it all down ' : how Moscow destroyed my business overnight Read more	2	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
If you believe the minimum wage should be a living wage … and no one working full time should have to raise their children in poverty … join us .	5	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The military has ousted four governments in the past 60 years .	3	personnel.endposition.n/a
We are so stressed up with him being detained .	8	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He said Assad and Russia have spent " yet another week annihilating defenseless Syrians " and called on the international community to implement a new approach that holds them to account .	11	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Concerned about a possible backlash , Russia 's Muslim leaders urged against linking the incident with Islam , the TASS news agency reported .	10	contact.requestadvise.n/a
The statement says the civilians were killed as they were unloading trucks carrying vital humanitarian aid and that much of the aid was destroyed , depriving thousands of much - needed food and medical assistance .	10	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
Gore , whom I predict will campaign in Florida , among other states , is the most ideal person in the world to warn those who deplore Trump but are tempted to vote for Stein or Johnson that a vote for these two candidates could elect Trump , as votes for Green nominee Ralph Nader in 2000 almost certainly elected President George W. Bush , leading to all of the problems that followed .	49	government.legislate.legislate
Russia has been accused , by Turkey among others , of being responsible for the attacks on rebel - held areas .	3	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
As they slam into the upper atmosphere , these tiny pieces of space rock create a shock wave which , through rapid heating of atmospheric gases , incinerates the debris , erupting in a fast blaze of light .	35	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
So my question to you is , what do you say to people like me who are on the fence about voting 3rd party(Johnson / Stein ) or for you ? ”	21	government.vote.castvote
The next day Hillary was asked about her stance on the death penalty during a CNN town hall .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Donald Trump has a history of praising Putin ’s leadership style of assassinating political rivals , journalists , and jailing bands named after a certain delightful part of the female anatomy for being critical of his tyranny , comparing his BFF to the imagined “ weakness ” of American ’s sitting President .	12	life.die.n/a
Michael Dukakis was ready to talk about his opposition to the death penalty , for example , but he was not ready for Bernard Shaw to ask whether he ’d favor the death penalty for a man who raped and murdered his wife .	38	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Hide Caption 28 of 32 Photos : North Dakota pipeline protests Native Americans ride with raised fists to the sacred burial ground on September 4 to protest the Dakota Access Pipeline .	20	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
But the sources , who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the ongoing investigation , said the mechanic had been detained , along with two airport policemen and a baggage handler suspected of helping him put the bomb on board .	23	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Trump prides himself on the ambiguity of his positions , suggesting that one must maintain an air of unpredictability — a helpful hedge when asked how , exactly , he ’s quickly going to eradicate the Islamic State .	34	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
But on Thursday , the European Parliament called on the European Union to impose an arms embargo on Saudi Arabia in response to allegations of human rights violations in Yemen .	16	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
The book , Miller explains , documents how under the Clintons , “ the security of the American people was auctioned off to the highest bidder .	20	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Hillary Clinton 's radical judges will virtually abolish the Second Amendment .	7	government.legislate.legislate
Critics of the proposal to increase arms shipments warn that it would only worsen the violence in Syria without fundamentally changing the outcome .	7	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
He was fired from the CIA and jailed for a leak .	7	movement.transportperson.n/a
( Never mind the fact that they ’re neutral and thus may also be providing aid to your own forces and innocent civilians caught up in the mix . )	14	transaction.transferownership.n/a
In 2013 , recognizing how important tracing is for solving crimes , and for providing intelligence regarding patterns of illegal gun trafficking , President Obama asked for more of it : He signed a memorandum demanding that all firearms recovered in the course of criminal investigations be traced .	21	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
A similarly sordid tale unfolded for Trump Ocean Resort Baja Mexico , a 525-unit luxury vacation home complex that Trump proclaimed was going to be “ very , very special . ” His name and image were all over the property , and he even personally appeared in the marketing video discussing how investors would be “ following ” him if they bought into the building .	51	contact.discussion.n/a
Two had also given to Conservative Solutions PAC , a group that supported Sen. Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE ’s ( R - Fla . ) bid for president .	66	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
In his view , such a strategy risks an escalating strategic rivalry between the established power and the rising power - of the sort that throughout history has led to war .	14	government.formation.n/a
Speaking in the South Korean capital on Tuesday , Sung Kim , the U.S. envoy on North Korea , added that the United States remained open to meaningful dialogue with Pyongyang on ending its pursuit of nuclear weapons .	28	contact.discussion.correspondence
There was a case of alleged voter intimidation there in 2008 against members of the New Black Panther Party , though the charges were dropped by the Department of Justice .	6	government.vote.violationspreventvote
According to the Russian media , the deceased serviceman was a marine from Russia ’s exclave Kaliningrad Region .	7	life.die.nonviolentdeath
An FBI inquiry is a preliminary examination that falls short of a criminal investigation .	13	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
It 's a nation built on ideas , not race & soil .	4	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Russia 's representative to the U.N. , Vitaly Churkin , accused the U.S. of violating the cease - fire , and questioned the timing of the U.S. airstrike in the area .	27	conflict.attack.n/a
The disclosures likely will fuel charges by presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , who claims Clinton turned her secretaryship into a huge “ hedge fund ” where “ the Russians , the Saudis and the Chinese all gave money to Bill and Hillary and got favorable treatment in return . ” Trump demanded that the foundation return $ 25 million it received from the Saudis .	53	contact.commandorder.n/a
For the administration , it was vital to continue putting forth this false narrative because , with the presidential election only a few weeks away , nothing could be permitted to puncture the Obama - Clinton talking points : “ Al Qaeda is on the run ” and “ Osama bin Laden is dead . ”27	31	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
It once roamed widely in the Caucasus Mountains between the Black and Caspian seas , as well as in Iran , Turkey , and Central Asia .	2	movement.transportperson.n/a
SIPRI noted that Beijing " is increasingly capable of producing its own advanced weapons and has become less dependent on arms imports , " which fell 25 percent in the recent reporting period .	21	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Vulnerable senators like Rob Portman Rob PortmanFeehery : Returning to civility Otto Warmbier , US student held in North Korea for 17 months , dies These GOP senators need to stand up to their party on healthcare MORE ( Ohio ) , John McCain John McCainGOP defense spending battle delays Republican budget Otto Warmbier , US student held in North Korea for 17 months , dies What the next round of American military base closures will look like MORE ( Ariz. ) and Kelly Ayotte Kelly AyotteKelly Ayotte joins defense contractor 's board of directors Week ahead : Comey firing dominates Washington GOP senators pitch Merrick Garland for FBI director MORE ( N.H. ) have withdrawn their support , but others in tight races — including Pat Toomey ( Pa. ) , Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE ( Fla. ) and Richard Burr Richard BurrSenate GOP shifts focus to Lynch Senate Intel Committee to hold public hearing on election meddling Sessions sequel falls flat following Comey drama MORE ( N.C. ) — are staying the course .	65	life.die.nonviolentdeath
They were ( or are ) all radicals , were born to Jewish parents , had ( or have ) no Jewish identity , and do harm to both Jews and non - Jews .	26	life.injure.n/a
He reiterated that the association agreement and therefore the referendum is not about the Ukraine joining the EU .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Despite raising $ 3.1 million and loaning himself another $ 2 million , Trump began this month with less than $ 1.3 million cash on hand .	6	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Sanders supporters also remind us of her assertion that “ super - predators ” were roaming the streets in the 1990s , comments for which she only expressed some regret this year .	15	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
" There will be a continually present armored brigade combat team , which will bring in its own equipment with each rotation , " said U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter .	14	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
“ Other than destroying every instrument of democracy in his own country , having opposition people killed , dismembering neighbors through military force and being the benefactor of the butcher of Damascus , he ’s a good guy , ” Graham said of Putin on Thursday .	16	life.die.n/a
Reuters source at state - owned National Iranian Oil Co ( NIOC ) told the agency that Tehran wants to receive payment in euros .	21	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
That ’s among a long list of reasons he outlined today that a person could be denied entry — or even ordered to leave the country after already immigrating here .	16	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The shooter 's ethnic origin — he was the son of Afghan parents — and Muslim religion , as well as the possibility that he pledged allegiance to the Islamic State terrorist group before or during the massacre , have caused speculation among international media that the shooting would provoke a strong backlash against Muslims in the United States .	37	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The fallout includes a ruling last month by a United Nations panel that Assange 's political asylum in Ecuador 's embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition amounts to “ arbitrary detention ” under international law .	28	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
It must reduce its level of uranium enrichment , dramatically reduce the size of its stockpile of enriched uranium , reduce the number of centrifuges , and agree to unfettered international inspections .	31	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Men stand near a hole in the ground as they inspect the damage after airstrikes by pro - Syrian government forces in the rebel held al - Sakhour neighbourhood of Aleppo , Syria February 5 , 2016 .	10	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Turkey is demanding that Washington quickly extradite a U.S.-based cleric blamed for orchestrating last month 's failed coup .	2	contact.commandorder.correspondence
More than 1 in 10 Syrians have been wounded or killed since the beginning of the war in 2011 , according to a new report that finds a staggering 470,000 deaths have been caused by the conflict , either directly or indirectly .	8	life.injure.n/a
The German lower house of parliament is set to vote on Thursday on the resolution over the two years of slaughter from 1915 , which carries the contested word " genocide " throughout the text .	20	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" I would say , you can not save someone who has decided to drown .	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
And last week , Trump apparently suggested Second Amendment supporters might want to assassinate Clinton as a way to prevent her from nominating liberal judges if she were elected .	13	life.die.n/a
In Trump 's Mourning - in - America march to the abyss , he has rejected political norms , and his campaign has largely devolved into trashing Clinton , the women accusing him of sexual assault and harassment , the legitimacy of U.S. elections , the media , President Barack Obama , the GOP and the time - honored idea of a presidential campaign as a sunny , aspirational enterprise .	31	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
The tombs ’ inner chambers were constructed using wooden logs instead of stones and were hidden under earth in a forested area .	6	manufacture.artifact.build
Saidi said Venezuela had already been importing lighter types of crude oil from Russia , Angola and Nigeria .	6	movement.transportartifact.n/a
An officer repeatedly shouted : " Quickly , keep moving , evacuate , this is serious . "	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
Israel in the midst of a wave of Palestinian stabbing , car - ramming , and shooting attacks that has killed 29 Israelis and 3 foreign nationals since October of last year .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE ( R - Fla . ) or Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Texas ) instead would be “ treason to your heritage . ”	52	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Wis . ) is refusing to definitively rule out the possibility that he would accept the Republican presidential nomination if the GOP convention is deadlocked .	8	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In Soviet times , the only way that Jews were allowed to leave the country was with their Russian passport confiscated — if they were allowed to leave at all .	20	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
In internal EU memo obtained by Greek media reveals the blatant Turkish blackmail on the refugee crisis .	12	contact.threatencoerce.meet
“ Well , the situation in Syria is catastrophic and every day that goes by we see the results of the regime – by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground , the Russians in the air – bombarding places , in particular Aleppo where there are hundreds of thousands of people , probably about 250,000 still left , and there is a determined effort by the Russian air force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime .	40	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
According to the memo , the bargain was hard and Turkey demanded 30 billion euro from the European Union in order to refrain from sending refugees and migrants to Europe through Greece .	11	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Smug or indicted ?	2	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Cossack paramilitaries , who style themselves as conservative patriots , helped Russia annex Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 .	12	government.formation.mergegpe
The panel in The Hague , Netherlands , dismissed China ’s attempt to create legal rights for features in the Spratly Islands chain by constructing air strips and bases there .	24	manufacture.artifact.build
In talks with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung - se , Kerry expressed support for Seoul 's decision to shut down the factory park in the North Korean border town of Kaesong and discussed a broad range of potential sanctions against the North , South Korea 's Foreign Ministry said .	34	contact.discussion.meet
Assata Shakur from Cuba in violation of the existing treaties with Cuba .	9	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
" This is someone who has threatened to abandon our allies in NATO -- the countries that work with us to root out terrorists abroad before they strike us at home . "	6	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
“ To be clear , this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances , a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences , ” Comey said during a summary of his findings that concluded with his decision not to recommend charges .	43	contact.requestadvise.n/a
We express our strong opposition to any intimidating , coercive or provocative unilateral actions that could alter the status quo and increase tensions , and urge all states to refrain from such actions as land reclamations including large scale ones , building of outposts , as well as their use for military purposes and to act in accordance with international law including the principles of freedoms of navigation and overflight .	7	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
To find the gun owner , they hunt by hand for the form he signed back when he first bought the gun .	19	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
This veteran thinks that Hillary Clinton can not have it both ways : She ’s either too brilliant to be as innocent as she asserts or too innocent to be as brilliant as she professes .	34	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
" Hillary Clinton will continue to use these false distractions like Ms. Machado and Mark Cuban to easily deceive the biased media , but will have no impact on Mr. Trump or the voters who are concerned with real issues . ”	18	contact.prevarication.meet
Critics of the sanctuary laws say such policies encourage people to immigrate to the U.S. illegally at the expense of citizens .	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
The Hague court made explicit references to widening its approach to include land grabbing , which has allowed private corporations , with the help of governments , to take over large areas of foreign land to exploit natural resources .	12	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Boeing and other contractors also played a role , donating almost a million dollars to the Clinton Foundation before then , becoming the primary supplier of jet fighters included in the $ 30 billion Saudi arms deal .	9	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Following a “ big bang ” of restructuring and investment , the Chinese military is lean , mean , and ready to prove China is , in Xi Jinping ’s words , not just a large country but a “ large and powerful one . ” Carriers in Pearl Harbor and selling arms to Vietnam wo n’t stop China from land grabs in the South China Sea ; it only increases the level of response .	60	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
New Trump DC hotel vandalized ; " Black Lives Matter " & " No Justice , No Peace " spray - painted on facade outside main entrance , via @AprilDRyan .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Almost 900,000 refugees sought asylum in Germany in 2015 , with some 70 per cent of them Muslim , according to Reuters .	4	movement.transportperson.n/a
" Will someone please tell Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz they are n't debating and just stick to ASKING the questions not adding rebuttal , ” wrote Fox News host Eric Bolling .	13	contact.discussion.meet
The Rosa Khutor expansion , by some accounts , has already started : A “ citizens ’ inspection ” by activists from the group Environmental Watch on North Caucasus ( EWNC ) in May 2015 revealed what it says is an illegal road going from Rosa Khutor through virgin territory toward the site of one of the planned resorts .	17	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Shortly after the chemical attack , Hamada and many other prisoners were transported to al - Mezzeh , without explanation .	12	movement.transportperson.n/a
If yellow fever did take hold in Asia , he says , then the numbers at immediate risk would rise from tens of millions to 100 m or more .	2	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
A report in the New York Times says a $ 916 million loss in the ' 90s might have allowed Donald Trump to legally avoid paying any income taxes for almost two decades .	27	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Read more : Russia sparks row with Germany over alleged rape of teenager in Berlin by ' Arabic looking men '	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
End the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , withdrawing troops and military contractors .	8	conflict.yield.retreat
He continued to assail his rival in deeply personal terms .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
Meanwhile , in a blow to the opposition , rebel forces and civilians in the besieged Damascus suburb of Daraya were to be evacuated on Friday after agreeing to surrender the town late Thursday after four years of grueling bombardment and a crippling siege that left the sprawling area in ruins .	23	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Meanwhile , another group of Republican and Democratic senators banded together last week to propose a bill to limit arms sales to Saudi Arabia to protest the way it 's conducting the war in Yemen .	14	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Four makeshift hospitals and a local blood bank in Syria ’s battered Aleppo city were hit by air raids in the past 24 hours , a group of doctors say .	11	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
In the latest of a series of attacks , 11 people died and many more were badly injured on Tuesday when a car bomb exploded in central Istanbul .	23	conflict.attack.bombing
However , when it came to the embargo , the issue had to be tackled in a comprehensive and humanitarian manner , said Erdoğan .	7	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In a message that would certainly appease the influential pressure group the National Rifle Association , Trump was highly critical of France ’s strict gun laws , which he says played a part in the killing of dozens of people at the Bataclan Theater on November 13 by Islamist militant gunmen .	35	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In her debates with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , Mrs. Clinton has defended her foreign policy decisions , including urging the Obama administration to join a NATO - led coalition to oust Col . Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya and her 2002 vote to authorize the use of force in Iraq , which she later said was a mistake .	20	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Sandy Newman , president of Voices for Progress , wrote in an 2011 email to Podesta that there needs to be “ a Catholic Spring , ” referring to the “ Arab Spring , ” a wave of demonstrations and protests in the Arab world .	40	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
NBCUniversal typically dispatches close to 3,000 employees to the Olympics venue , and the Games have given NBC News , particularly the Today show , which broadcasts from the Olympic locale , an enormous platform and significant ratings lift .	26	contact.mediastatement.n/a
As she eviscerated him on calling women pigs and dogs , Trump lied about his position on the Iraq War , lied about his reasons for not releasing his tax returns , lied about his belief that climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese , lied about his feeling that pregnancy is an " inconvenience " for businesses , lied during his defense of unconstitutional stop and frisk , lied that crime is getting worse in New York , and then lied when he said his temperament was his greatest quality .	32	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Discussing their strategy ahead of their inevitable arrest , Pomsel told her colleagues she would tell the truth , “ That I had worked as a shorthand typist in Joseph Goebbels ’ propaganda ministry . ” She was sentenced to five years ’ incarceration in various Russian prison camps in and around Berlin .	7	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
A New York Times article documented the criminal activities of his friends and aides , who had been charged with crimes ranging from kidnapping to rape , murder and drug trafficking .	30	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
The purchases effectively reward Putin 's inner circle even as Washington continues to condemn Russia 's invasion of Ukraine 's Crimea region , its continued support for Syrian President Bashar Assad , and other hostile actions , the lawmakers said .	1	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Cheniere Energy ’s newly completed Sabine Pass facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast recently sent a shipment of American liquefied natural gas , which should arrive in Portugal within a few days .	16	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Of the 202 people who were injured , 80 of them were critical , and about 50 were children , many of them seriously wounded .	6	life.injure.n/a
Ian Telfer , who chaired Uranium One at the time of its acquisition by Rosatom , donated $ 2.35 million in four separate gifts through his family foundation .	16	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Every year since television was invented , those Supreme Court justices have gone on in front of the cameras to answer questions under oath , and those are tough questions that they ’ve gotten from senators on both the right and the left .	23	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter said the Pentagon was investigating the strike .	9	justice.investigate.n/a
The Stein protesters on Monday eventually sat down en masse in a public street , as close as they could get , given all the police roadblocks , to Hofstra University , where Clinton and Trump were preparing to debate .	26	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Bassett went on to claim that he believes that the reason why other governments around the world have not made UFO and ET disclosures independently is that following the famous incident at Roswell , New Mexico , in 1947 , when U.S. authorities reportedly recovered a crashed alien UFO from a ranch near the town , governments around the world agreed to a “ truth embargo . ”	65	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
A U.S. special envoy for North Korea , Sung Kim , met Japanese officials on Sunday and said the United States may launch unilateral sanctions against North Korea , echoing comments by U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday in the wake of the test .	11	contact.collaborate.meet
In her statement , Clinton conflated “ terrorists or other violent criminals , ” infuriating even conservatives who detest their presumptive GOP nominee .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities	5	personnel.endposition.quitretire
MOSCOW A fire ripped through a Russian Defence Ministry building in central Moscow on Sunday , sending plumes of smoke over the Russian capital as fire fighters battled to extinguish the blaze .	31	conflict.attack.setfire
It is worth noting that today marks the 54th anniversary of President John F. Kennedy ’s speech announcing to the American people that the Soviet Union had stationed nuclear missiles in Cuba and that the US government had instituted an embargo to intercept and search all Russian ships heading for Cuba .	40	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The Crown Prince of Bahrain , whose country had donated to the foundation , wanted to meet with Clinton on a visit to Washington .	9	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
She was also called by a homicide cleanup service , where she was told an order had been placed for her .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
If Trump can seem easily rather than angrily in command , the debates could be a turning point in this election .	12	contact.discussion.meet
Many Cubans want President Barack Obama to do more to lift the U.S. embargo on Cuba , hoping such a move will super - charge the transformation .	13	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
When Sen. Mitch McConnell Mitch McConnellRyan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Live coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan MORE ( R - Ky . ) became Senate majority leader , he vowed to bring fairness and dignity back to the Senate .	28	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Earth 's fever got worse last year , breaking dozens of climate records , scientists said in a massive report nicknamed the annual physical for the planet .	2	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
If you support Clinton you are not supporting any of the questionable things she did as Secretary of State , like supporting a coup in Honduras , facilitating the record - breaking sale of weapons to dictatorships like Saudi Arabia that kill Yemeni children ( and donate to her foundation ) , execute atheists and homosexuals , and deny human rights to women , or selling a large chunk of America ’s domestic Uranium rights to Russia .	46	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
SR : Of course , anytime that you have an unpoliced society , and you begin the chaos , it ’s much easier - because the patrols are less likely - it ’s much easier for people to smuggle things in and out of places .	38	movement.transportartifact.hide
And finally — Gary Johnson was a corrupt governor who privatized his prisoners with gruesome results , who wants to privatize the federal government and strip us of anything that might protect us from the Kochs and the rest of the oligarchy , and dismantle all the social programs including Social Security , Medicare , unemployment insurance , college grants , minimum wage laws , even child labor laws — and in return , he ’ll let you smoke pot .	59	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Foster 's sister , Sheila Foster Anthony , called Trump 's allegations " beyond contempt " in a Washington Post column at the time , and the family of the slain DNC staffer , Rich , reacted just as strongly this week .	30	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Israeli archaeologists found the site of a fierce battle where the Roman army bombarded and breached the walls of Jerusalem before conquering the city and destroying the Second Temple almost 2,000 years ago , officials said Thursday .	13	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Dozens of people starved to death in Madaya , Syria , after the government enacted a blockade in July to cut off access to nearby Damascus .	3	life.injure.n/a
President Obama has lost literally all prestige in an international community with the loss of prestige he has become desperate. Some of the alleged major donors ( via Magafeed.com ) Richard M. Lobo It appears Richard M. Lobos wife , Caren Lobo , donated $ 716,000 to DNC .	43	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
That ’s a political risk and every bit as dangerous as what Trump proposes .	13	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
A Russian passenger plane crashed in Egypt 's Sinai peninsula in October , killing all 224 people on board .	4	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
NEMTSOV 'S FUNERAL	2	contact.funeralvigil.meet
Sanders ’s second lie is that he pretends that there would be no foreign policy consequences from a U.S. shift back to the days of Smoot - Hawley .	3	contact.prevarication.meet
They say it included a robbery , a shooting and a car theft that resulted in a crash that left a bystander critically injured .	23	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Putin reportedly obsessed over Qadhafi 's violent death in Kremlin meetings .	6	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump lashed out at the Gold Star parents of a slain Muslim US soldier who died in Iraq after they sharply criticized him at the Democratic National Convention .	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ We hope that our partners from the international coalition realize , what would be the consequences of having bands freely roaming around the Middle East .	21	movement.transportperson.n/a
Those who advocate for stronger military involvement by the U.S. to oust Assad from power have not paid close enough attention to history .	11	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
" Russian warplanes did not plan and did not deliver any airstrikes in the area of Urum al - Kubra , " a spokesman told NBC News via email , referring to the town near Aleppo where the convoy was hit .	11	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
His sister was convicted and imprisoned on similar charges .	5	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
So James Watt , then U.S. secretary of the Interior , and John R. Block , the secretary of Agriculture , earmarked 35 million acres , or 5 percent of the nation ’s public lands ( excluding Alaska ) , for the auction block .	42	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Killing the people who are providing aid to your enemies is effective	5	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
" But these areas are not part of any exclusive economic zone , they are not used for the shipment of goods , they are not harvested for marine resources , and their welfare is no one 's concern ...	19	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Mr Spiridonov said : ‘ I continue the dialogue with Mr Canavero , we exchange information and as far as I know , he is preparing a portion of news this September . ’	8	contact.discussion.meet
ISIS is known for killing dozens of people at a time and carrying out public executions , crucifixions and other acts .	15	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
-- Iraq ’s parliament voted to sack its defense minister amid accusations of corruption .	6	personnel.endposition.n/a
Drunken English fans are captured hurling bottles at police and other fans during the violent clashes in the Old Port district of Marseille	5	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Some Zika skeptics have been especially focused on a British company that began releasing genetically modified mosquitoes in Brazil in 2011 in an effort to stem a deadly outbreak of dengue fever .	31	life.injure.n/a
A guaranteed supply of oil has bought a guaranteed supply of security .	2	movement.transportartifact.n/a
A cybersecurity firm the Democrats hired after they realised they had been hacked , found traces of at least two sophisticated hacking groups called “ COZY BEAR ” and “ FANCY BEAR ” on their network — both had ties to the Russian government .	5	personnel.startposition.hiring
The stabbing attack occurred along a popular oceanfront boardwalk in southern Tel Aviv not far from where U.S. Vice President Joe Biden was visiting .	1	conflict.attack.stabbing
Rush Limbaugh says Russia could blackmail Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ?	5	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
( He wo n’t be “ ending the interest deductibility on new loans [ that ] would devastate the value of commercial real estate — which is a major business for Trump , ” and therefore will be increasing the revenue loss by another $ 1.2 trillion . )	12	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Mrs. Clinton has delivered a series of foreign policy speeches over the course of the nominating fight that included calling for accelerating the American - led operation to defeat the Islamic State , ending the economic embargo against Cuba , and pledging unwavering support of Israel .	41	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
" Trump has misled the American people over and over about his position on Iraq .	3	contact.prevarication.meet
While other politicians would be seen as flip flopping on early promises , Trump is simply making a deal and negotiating like he always has .	20	contact.discussion.meet
Sure today we all want to identify with Lincoln the First Republican President , but does this not do a disservice to the half of the nation that succeeded in the name of States ’ Rights and small government in response to that Republican won election ?	44	personnel.elect.winelection
England fans hurl chairs at French police as tear gas is fired outside bars to disperse crowds who had been clashing with Russian supporters and police	2	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
Clinton : " It 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated . "	43	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
In July , Cruz told the Texas delegation at the convention in Ohio that his pledge to support the eventual GOP nominee was " abrogated " when the nasty primary fight between he and Trump 's campaigns became personal .	15	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
WikiLeaks , on the other hand , urged its supporters over the weekend to " stop taking down the US internet . "	7	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
She advocates for admitting more refugees from troubled Arab countries , despite the growing number of attacks in Germany and France ( and no doubt elsewhere ) .	1	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
" It 's safe to say that the TPP wo n't be perfect - no deal negotiated among a dozen countries ever will be — but its higher standards , if implemented and enforced , should benefit American businesses and workers , ” she wrote .	16	contact.discussion.correspondence
True believers will not be dissuaded from this worldview , even if history tells us that almost no violent revolution in a major country has ever brought about a better , freer society without intervening years ( and more like decades ) of dictatorship and slaughter .	18	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
David Cameron announced he would quit as British prime minister .	5	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Russia , a close ally of Syrian President Bashar Assad ’s government , said last Thursday it was ready to back the UN call for weekly 48-hour cease - fires in Aleppo , provided aid convoys travel to both rebel - controlled and government - controlled parts of the city .	33	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
" Aid and comfort , " where the individual provides aid to " a country presently at war with the United States . "	9	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
The group said on Friday two of its members carried out suicide attacks against Kurdish fighters in at the Tishrin dam in Aleppo province , which Kurds and Arab rebel groups captured in December .	12	life.injure.n/a
The Syrian Army bombarded what little territory these rebels controlled .	3	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The award was given on the same day the annual Nobel Peace Prize was presented to Juan Manuel Santos , president of neighbouring Colombia , for his role in negotiating a peace agreement with Marxist FARC rebels .	32	government.agreements.n/a
Argument Over Starbucks Latte Error Escalates Into Stabbing	7	conflict.attack.n/a
We have as a national policy under law that we do n’t support military coups against democratic governments .	14	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
… Some of them deceive the people in their own interests . ” Or the ancient Athenian demagogue Cleon , who berated an audience for being “ victims of your own pleasure in listening ” before telling them , “ I am trying to stop you behaving like this . ”	4	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Some of his male supporters have used the same types of gendered insults to intimidate the women who cover their candidate .	14	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Somewhat startled , news anchor Eelco Bosch van Rosenthal said , “ That was just a robbery , I believe — was n’t it ? ”	16	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
15 show all Russia and England fans clash at Euro 2016 – in pictures	7	conflict.attack.n/a
Those measures usually mean sanctions , and Chapter 7 can be militarily enforced .	4	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The Iraqi cities of Mosul , Kirkuk , and Nineveh fell to ISIL forces with non - Muslims being raped , tortured , and executed and priceless antiquities being destroyed by the marauding jihadists .	24	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" Bill Clinton has actually abused women and Hillary has bullied , attacked , shamed and intimidated his victims , " Trump said .	12	conflict.attack.n/a
So her statements about the FBI not calling her or the campaign were profoundly misleading , and the FBI knows that .	14	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Moscow says NATO 's response is just a cover for encroaching on its borders , while Washington builds a European missile defence shield which undercuts Russia 's nuclear deterrent .	10	conflict.attack.invade
Authorities suspect a hacker known as Guccifer 2.0 — possibly linked to Russia ’s military intelligence agency — is behind one chunk of email leaks that forced Dems chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign amid Clinton ’s historic party nomination .	33	personnel.endposition.quitretire
In addition to placing limits on deployed strategic nuclear warheads , New START requires “ transparency and verification measures — including semi - annual data exchanges , notifications , and inspections ” that provide “ far more information about the other ’s strategic forces than it would otherwise have , ” as explained in a recent blog post by Steve Pifer , director of the Arms Control and Non - Proliferation Initiative at the Brookings Institution .	30	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Already , hundreds of recent immigrants and their children have been convicted of terrorist activity inside the U.S.	11	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
' It is highly probable , given Defendant Clinton 's history of reckless handling of classified information , that Defendant Clinton , as Secretary of State , sent and received information about Ambassador Christopher Stevens and thus the U.S. Department of State activities and covert operations that the deceased were a part of in Benghazi , Libya .	48	life.die.n/a
The state opted to impose the tax to cover budget gaps , following in the footsteps of Connecticut and Washington , which have enacted similar levies .	23	government.legislate.legislate
Of that number , 847 were subsequently arrested , most of them foreigners .	7	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Brazile has faced scrutiny for another email in the leaks that suggested she had provided debate questions to Clinton in advance of a March 13 town hall event hosted by Roland Martin and Jake Tapper , also host of CNN 's " State of the Union " and " The Lead . "	15	contact.discussion.meet
She lied under oath when testifying to Congress , and she lied about FBI Director James Comey ’s public indictment of her lies , which he delivered to the nation .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Killing the people who are providing aid to your enemies is effective	5	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
North Korea , which has threatened a " physical response " against the THAAD decision , has conducted a series of military technology tests this year , including a fifth nuclear test this month , in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions that were tightened in March .	41	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The IDF is also widely believed to have carried out airstrikes on arms shipments destined for the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah , a close ally of Assad .	13	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
The Podesta Group on Friday announced that it had hired a law firm to look into whether the former client misled it about its sources of funding .	20	contact.prevarication.meet
Around 40,000 people remain trapped and reliant on next week ’s shipment of food and medical supplies .	11	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
" We ’re constantly sending our ships , sending our planes , doing our war games — we ’re reimbursed a fraction of what this is all costing . "	19	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
“ I never met Putin .	3	contact.collaborate.meet
On that road are emails revealing the names of secret undercover intelligence assets , the locations of North Korean nuclear facilities , the transcripts of telephone conversations among foreign intelligence agents , and the travel plans of then - U.S.	25	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Clinton lobbied for Pollard 's release but CIA director George Tenet threatened to resign if the administration acceded to the request .	13	personnel.endposition.quitretire
But “ when the media are intimidated or imprisoned for critical reporting , when Internet freedom is curtailed and social media sites .	8	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The German lower house of parliament is set to vote on Thursday on the resolution over the two years of slaughter from 1915 , which carries the contested word " genocide " throughout the text .	30	life.die.n/a
The Israeli human rights organization B’Tselem said 27 people lived in the demolished structures , of whom 16 were minors .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
North Korea is suspected of widespread human trafficking violations , involving the overseas deployment of forced laborers .	7	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
' They execute with bullets , desecrate the body , decapitate it , stick the head on a spike and put it on display at the roundabout or they will put the body on the road and force cars to run it over until nothing is left . '	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
One very prominent former NSA contractor , Edward Snowden , has already said he believes that spy agency ’s snooping programs would “ certainly ” have spotted the DNC data as it made its way to Russia , if that ’s what happened .	16	government.spy.spy
But the good parts are not new — they are imported from the Bush approach — and the new parts are not good . ”	10	movement.transportartifact.n/a
… War is ugly and it ’s dangerous , and in this world , the way we are discussed on the Arab street , it feeds and fuels their hatred and their desire to kill themselves to take out Americans .	18	contact.discussion.n/a
“ Within this mix , Isil ( Isis)or Daesh is spreading like a cancer , taking advantage of paths of least resistance , threatening European nations and our own with terrorist attacks , ” he added on Tuesday .	23	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
As a wounded warrior who has had to deal with very severe physical and mental challenges since being shot in the head in Iraq , your juvenile actions could not offend me more .	18	conflict.attack.firearmattack
“ My own experience with these kinds of insurgents over time is that they just do n’t bomb for the sake of bombing ; it ’s part of a greater strategy .	22	conflict.attack.bombing
" What I 've been more concerned about is how do we stop violent extremists from killing us . "	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" We have had two child fatalities and another five children were seriously wounded by the use of napalm , " Osama Abou Zeid , the head of the Homs Media Centre , told Al Jazeera .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Until just a few days ago , Trump refused to disown this blatant lie , which is an insult to all African - Americans .	13	contact.prevarication.broadcast
What Larry King does with the interview content is up to him ; we have nothing to do with it , " a Trump spokesperson told The Post .	6	contact.discussion.meet
The commission also implored council members to adopt targeted sanctions against " persons , agencies and groups credibly suspected of being responsible for or complicit in conduct leading to custodial deaths , torture and enforced disappearances . "	9	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
All debate viewers Third debate 60 31 Clinton +29 Second debate 53 35 Clinton +18 First debate 61 27 Clinton +34 Democrats Third debate 96 2 Clinton +94 Second debate 93 3 Clinton +90 First debate 92 3 Clinton +89 Independents Third debate 58 35 Clinton +23 Second debate 51 32 Clinton +19 First debate 59 30 Clinton +29 Republicans Third debate 19 64 Trump +45 Second debate 15 71 Trump +56 First debate 28 53 Trump +25 Among U.S. adults who watched or listened to each debate Gallup ; post - debate polls based on interviewing conducted Sept. 27 - 28 , 2016 , Oct. 10 - 11 , 2016 , and Oct. 20 - 21 , 2016	48	contact.negotiate.meet
U.S. prosecutors have enormous discretion to investigate , or not investigate , and Mr. Trump would appoint his attorney general and a raft of new U.S. attorneys .	16	personnel.startposition.hiring
An employee of a Belgian state - funded charity who was denied entry into Israel said that its supporters were “ inflating ” Belgium ’s anti - Semitism problem to distract from the Palestinian issue .	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
" While Mr Snowden played an important role in educating the American people , there is no debate that he also violated an oath and committed a crime , " Sanders added .	23	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
A second major factor was the failure of Cameron to obtain the consent of his parliament . ” The third , and most important , factor , he told me , was “ our assessment that while we could inflict some damage on Assad , we could not , through a missile strike , eliminate the chemical weapons themselves , and what I would then face was the prospect of Assad having survived the strike and claiming he had successfully defied the United States , that the United States had acted unlawfully in the absence of a UN mandate , and that that would have potentially strengthened his hand rather than weakened it . ”	74	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
If it is surrounded , more than 300,000 people inside could be trapped and the opposition could be dealt a fatal blow .	20	life.die.n/a
14/74 Iraq crisis Iraqi security forces detain men suspected of being militants of the Isis group in Diyala province	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
-- The airplane " swerved and then plunged " before descending into the Mediterranean , Greek Defense Minister Panos Kammenos told reporters .	7	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Kaine has represented multiple people on death row , seeking to highlight what he has described as a ‘ shockingly unequal ’ system , and he also has governed one of the few states that has continued to carry out executions regularly over the past decade . ”	40	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Pinchuk , who is the son - in - law of former Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma , has also donated millions of dollars to the Clinton Global Foundation , and even hosted Bill and Hillary Clinton at his conference .	19	transaction.transferownership.n/a
You could have a massive migration into Europe that destroys Europe , leads to the pure destruction of Europe , ends the European project , and everyone runs for cover and you ’ve got the 1930s all over again , with nationalism and fascism and other things breaking out .	9	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
" Sadly Nikita has passed away .	4	life.die.n/a
Ignorance of socialism and America ’s decadeslong struggle against it has become the norm , and the data suggest this norm will only harden as a generation of Americans pass away and national memory fades .	29	life.die.nonviolentdeath
But when examined as a whole , Clinton 's " odd behavior " and " accidents due to dehydration " over the last ten years are much harder to dismiss as benign or symptoms of pneumonia .	18	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
At the end of August , Reid had written to Comey and demanded an investigation of the “ connections between the Russian government and Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , ” and in that letter he indirectly referred to Carter Page , an American businessman cited by Trump as one of his foreign policy advisers , who had financial ties to Russia and had recently visited Moscow .	14	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan have urged a swift end to the bloodshed in war - torn Syria , following talks between the two leaders in Istanbul on Monday .	12	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The letters promoting the boycott will soon be forwarded to the Russian Journalists ’ Union and to the European Federation of Journalists , she said .	4	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Dmitry Gudkov , the lone liberal opposition deputy in Russia ’s parliament , argued that if Russia had exchanged Savchenko earlier , Alexandrov ’s Ukrainian defence lawyer , Yury Grabovsky , might not have been murdered near Kiev in March .	35	life.die.n/a
“ The moment they 're punctured , he struggles to defend himself . ”	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
You can mark it down and you can put it down , you can take it anywhere you want . ” July 30 , 2016 , interview on ABC , referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin , whose 2014 annexation of Crimea proved that he was already in Ukraine .	26	contact.discussion.meet
Trump pointed out that the killer , Omar Mateen — who was born in the Unites States — has parents who immigrated here from Afghanistan .	21	movement.transportperson.n/a
U.S. Secret Service agents captured Seleznev as he and his girlfriend arrived at the Maldives airport on their way back to Russia .	4	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Orbital ATK returned to flight Monday evening by christening a refurbished Virginia launchpad with a smooth rocket liftoff two years after an explosion caused $ 15 million in damage .	28	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
2013 : The government begins bombarding rebel districts with barrel bombs , causing thousands of casualties	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Representatives … said Trump reimbursed the foundation the full $ 25,000 from his own accounts after watchdog groups and news organizations began asking questions .	4	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The flare - attack was one of the most shocking sights of the clashes , which have seen arrests of English supporters , property damaged and a fan dumped into the sea by a French gang .	18	movement.transportartifact.n/a
FBI Director James Comey announced Tuesday that he would not recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ?	10	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Lorenzana said he has been ordered by Duterte to travel to Beijing and Moscow to discuss what defense equipment the Philippines can acquire from them .	22	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
2 on the Republican presidential ticket : retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , who once headed up the Defense Intelligence Agency and has informally advised Trump on foreign policy during the billionaire 's primary campaign .	7	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The president added that Russia had failed to implement any aspect of 2015 's Minsk Agreement , a ceasefire pact between Kiev and Moscow in Belarus .	18	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Two such high profile cases were those of drug kingpin Carlos Vignali and convicted swindler Glenn Braswell .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
President Obama is said to be no more willing to involve U.S. forces , air or ground , in the conflict than he was when it began five years ago .	20	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Upon inspection , the documents do indeed cover a wide range of topics .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
And through the course of the last decade or so we have learned a lot about various means and ways that Iran , as well as other states that are interested in proliferation , pursue those objectives in terms of acquiring materials , expertise , what is the type of capabilities that we need in order to advance the program .	40	transaction.transferownership.purchase
" This has historically been part of the Saudi playbook and the recent reported interest in acquiring stakes in Chinese refineries is a strategic move that would guarantee the Kingdom a seat at the table in the preeminent region for demand growth . "	16	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
She was a strong advocate for the US wars in Yugoslavia , Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria and Libya .	4	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
US Secretary of State John Kerry has claimed that the ceasefire in Syria “ is not dead ” following an attack on an aid convoy that killed around 20 people near Aleppo .	10	government.agreements.violateagreement
The Washington Post was more specific , publishing a leaked account of how Putin might be arrested outside of Russia and put on trial .	16	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
A live hand grenade was hurled towards a refugee camp in Germany as anti - migrant violence continues to increase .	5	movement.transportartifact.n/a
A Palestinian rammed a vehicle into a bus stop then got out and started stabbing people before he was shot dead AP	14	conflict.attack.stabbing
“ What the Clinton Foundation did was create a conduit whereby a foreign entity who can not donate to a campaign , and get access that way , could donate to the Clinton Foundation , ” he added .	17	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
They know that [ Mateen ] was bad,’ he said after the Orlando massacre .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Bubenchik said that by 20 February , after the blaze in the House of Trade Unions on Independence Square , the protesters had moved to the Conservatory , from where they were shooting at the riot police from hunting rifles .	9	conflict.attack.setfire
The horrific images show one dog nailed to a wall as if it had been crucified and another hanging by its collar and then shot with an air gun .	18	conflict.attack.n/a
The medical charity Doctors Without Borders said 23 people have died of starvation since Dec. 1 at a clinic the group supports in Madaya , six of them infants less than 1 year old .	12	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Sanders as the self - appointed moderator / boss opened the evening with naked	5	personnel.startposition.hiring
RELATED STORIES ' DAD DIED IN MY ARMS ' Daughter , 26 , cradled her dying dad after he was mowed down by Finsbury Park terror van ROBERT COLVILE Following its recent purchase of Whole Foods , Amazon has become a monster we should be afraid of ' Pics ' dad suicide Dad - of - two , 50 , shoots himself in US after he was wrongly accused of possessing indecent images TOT , SKIP AND JUMP Bizarre festival in Spain sees men dressed as The Devil leap over babies to rid the tots of bad spirits HE 'S IN THE BAG Iraqi illegal immigrant is discovered being smuggled into Britain on the back seat of a car ... in a SUITCASE ' IT 'S CLEAR AS DAY ' Cops confirm stabbed dad took photo just as killer who knifed him to death in his car pounced ' YOU JUST HAVE TO RUN ' Couple doused themselves in water and dashed through 16 floors of fire to safety - after sobbing 999 operator said ' nobody could save them ' FIRE RISK WARNING Ministers warned THREE years ago that fire regulations in tower blocks were not keeping people safe twin the dock Celeb barrister , who was spared jail after drugs rap , loses eviction fight after bitter battle with twin brother TYCOON SUICIDE Banker , 69 , kills himself two months after police questioned him over suspected arson at £ 15 m home PUSS IN SOOTS RSPCA inspector left filthy after rescuing a cat who was trapped eight foot up a chimney for FOUR days ANILA BAIG Spreading hate only does dirty work for ISIS — we must have sense to stand together against them	239	conflict.attack.setfire
It would be torture .	3	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Last year the Turkish government launched a military operation against left - wing militants from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) , which has resulted in several bloody conflicts and curfews imposed across major , Kurd - majority towns and cities .	30	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Hillary has won more votes , more states , more pledged delegates and more superdelegates .	4	government.vote.n/a
Some appear to be American retirees purchasing real estate in places like Costa Rica and Panama .	6	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The surge comes after the chief said officers were under “ too much strain ” and urged Black Lives Matter protesters to become part of the solution .	16	contact.commandorder.n/a
On Sunday , the base commander , General Bekir Ercan Van , and nine other Turkish officers at Incirlik were detained for allegedly supporting the coup .	25	conflict.attack.n/a
The team investigating the shooting down of Malaysian Airways flight MH17 has published a picture of a fragment of BUK missile found at the crash site .	24	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
He is wanted in Sweden for rape , an accusation he links to a conspiracy to extradite him to the US to face charges .	16	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Watch video 00:43 DW 's Hans Brandt discusses Russia 's take on rape case	12	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Men inspect the damage after an airstrike on the rebel held al - Qaterji neighborhood of Aleppo , Syria September 25 , 2016 .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
He ’d abolish the bedrock constitutional principle that says if you ’re born in the United States , you ’re an American citizen .	2	government.legislate.legislate
Now , her team wants us to believe it is dehydration .	10	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
And there ’s been less discussion recently of the videotape released on Oct. 8 that showed Trump condoning unwanted sexual contact toward women , or of the many women who came forward to accuse him of sexual assault .	37	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
‘ Make America great ’ is a hard thing to tear apart , ” he said .	10	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
The YPG captured Tel Abyad from Islamic State last year in an offensive backed by U.S.-led air strikes .	2	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Kwajalein Atoll , a battle site during the war , is now an Army base , a ballistic missile test site and an important part of the military 's space surveillance network .	30	government.spy.spy
Ecuador granted Assange political asylum in its London embassy three and half years ago to protect him from a relentless effort by Swedish authorities to extradite him for questioning over rape and sexual assault allegations arising from two affairs he undertook from invitations by women attending his featured speech at an August 2010 conference in Sweden .	25	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Officers entered the centre in Västerås to save the young boy who had been reportedly attacked repeatedly by asylum seekers at the centre .	18	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
At his press conference on Wednesday , Trump told a reporter that he would consider recognizing Russia ’s annexation of Crimea from the Ukraine — something only a handful of countries currently do — and that he may end American sanctions enacted in response .	40	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Russia ’s Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has ordered economic sanctions against Turkey .	9	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
One expert in the field , who is well aware of the evidence - gathering capabilities of the U.S. government , is Edward Snowden , the former Central Intelligence Agency technician and National Security Agency whistleblower who exposed the extent of mass surveillance and has been given temporary asylum in Russia .	48	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Firemen were called to the blaze at Hinterstoder in Kirchdorf , Austria , and say they found the remains of the machine on the hotplate .	5	conflict.attack.setfire
A policeman stands guard at Larnaca Airport near a hijacked Egypt Air A320 .	9	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Woolly mammoth ivory is n't protected under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species , the 1989 treaty that outlawed most trade in elephant ivory .	18	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Rick Hasen , a leading election law scholar , wrote Monday : “ It is not clear that a court would issue a vague order to stop ' voter intimidation , ' as requested in the relief in these suits ( as that term would be vague and difficult to enforce ) .	28	government.vote.violationspreventvote
Finally , to convict of perjury it must be proven by more than one witness , or one witness plus corroborative evidence .	3	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
If Clinton were not a presumptive presidential nominee but simply a retired secretary of state , he might well have made a different recommendation .	11	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Add to that the numerous mosques that have been attacked , including a fire Sunday night — officially deemed by the police as arson — at the mosque the Orlando Pulse nightclub gunman had attended .	23	conflict.attack.setfire
Transcript : NPR 's Interview With CIA Director John Brennan	4	contact.discussion.meet
Since the coup , violence and assassinations , as well as persecutions of journalists and social justice advocates , have skyrocketed in Honduras .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
related stories PUTIN 'S PURGE Shock as Vladimir Putin ’s sacks his Chief - of - Staff after years in the Russian President ’s inner circle ' BRITS NO MATCH FOR RUSSIANS ' Red alert as Russia stocks up on secret weapons after testing them in war against Ukraine Red Zeppelin Vladimir Putin is planning to build this huge £ 23million airship and it 's bigger than a Boeing 747 KREMLIN THREAT Putin orders war games off Crimea after accusing Ukraine of trying to stir up conflict INSIDE THE WAR ZONE Horrifying images reveal extent of fighting in Syria 's war torn Aleppo as Russia teams up with Iran PUTIN IS WATCHING US The tyrant 's Russian spy planes are flying over Britain – and the MoD is absolutely fine about it	10	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Should Islamic State be defeated , no one can say which Islamic group will take its place or what will happen to the territories from which it will have to withdraw .	30	conflict.yield.n/a
In Iraq , the group reports that between 297 and 518 civilians were killed by coalition airstrikes in this time .	16	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
They conitnue to feast on a dollar ’s worth of government largess , pay only 60 cents for it , borrow the rest , and stick you with their 40 cent tab year after year until over $ 19 trillion in debt has been left for you to sort out after we ’re gone .	20	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Lip - bubbling media outrage and disgust was near unanimous through Cosby 's summer - long perp walk ; with Trump , it 's all preelection gawking and the admiration of adoring pitchfork - brandishing fans .	17	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
A survivor of an air strike that hit two houses where civilians were sheltering in Ayn al - Khan , al - Hasaka governorate , on 7 December last year described being woken by a huge explosion .	5	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Poland was receptive to Chechens during Chechnya 's war against Russian forces , which ended in 2009 .	8	conflict.attack.n/a
This adviser presented a scenario in which a quick U.S. nuclear strike offered the only available tool to eradicate an unfolding terrorist operation meant to spread deadly biological pathogens from a makeshift production laboratory in a remote location to cities worldwide .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The man negotiating with police on behalf of the group , Jeffrey Eide , and the closest thing the delegates had to a leader , runs a bicycle advocacy group in Fargo , North Dakota .	2	contact.discussion.correspondence
Calling cards were posted on lampposts around the Old Port area of town , seemingly to guide the hooligans as to where to congregate before acts of violence that even seasoned travellers with England said were the worst they had experienced .	23	contact.collaborate.n/a
" It is not uncommon for the Coalition Air Operations Center to confer with Russian officials as a professional courtesy and to deconflict Coalition and Russian aircraft , although such contact is not required by the current U.S.–Russia Memorandum of Understanding on safety of flight . "	12	contact.discussion.correspondence
39/40 2015 - June Isis has released gruesome footage claiming to show the murder of more than a dozen men by drowning , decapitation and using a rocket - propelled grenade as it seeks to boost morale among its fanatical supporters .	21	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
BUDAPEST , Hungary — The camerawoman who was filmed kicking and trying to trip migrants near the border with Serbia in September 2015 has been indicted for breaching the peace , Hungarian prosecutors said Wednesday .	25	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
In Hillary ’s upside - down ethical world , sodomy and gender rebellion are “ human rights . ” Our children will be further corrupted as Hillary twists the notion U.S. civil rights law into including male / male or female / female sexual behavior , and ramps up the Obama pressure on public schools to deceive children with deviant “ LGBTQ ” propaganda .	56	contact.prevarication.correspondence
“ I believe that they are positioning themselves so that someday they could invade Israel to be able to take over the vast stores of oil and natural gas that Israel is controlling , ” she said , adding that “ this very unique new partnership between Iran and Russia in Syria ” with the support of China “ lines up with scripture . ” All of these powers , she said , are seeking “ a global world order to keep their game going into the future and to support them if they would invade against Israel . ”	13	conflict.attack.invade
However , on Feb. 20 , 2014 , snipers fired on both police and protesters in the Maidan square and the Western media jumped to the conclusion that Yanukovych was responsible ( even though later investigations have indicated that the sniper attack was more likely carried out by neo - Nazi groups to provoke the chaos that followed ) .	35	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
These numbers do not include Jews who immigrated to other countries such as Germany , nor do they include non - Jewish immigration .	7	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
after the two allegedly stabbed and injured an Israeli security guard on the light rail near the illegal Israeli settlement of Pisgat Zeev in northern Jerusalem .	6	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Wang Wei , made two close passes to the EP-3 before colliding with the spyplane on the third pass .	11	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
The Washington Post in 2014 reported that in 2010 , Clinton pushed Russia to approve a $ 3.7 billion purchase from Boeing .	19	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Trump persuaded the banks to lend him $ 380 million to purchase the route , and in June 1989 the Trump Shuttle began flying .	5	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Below is our complete list of false and misleading claims uttered by both of them :	8	contact.prevarication.n/a
But Brazile 's March 12 email to Palmieri included the text of a potential question about the death penalty .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
To increase tensions further , it has been reported that on Wednesday , August 24th , Turkish military forces have invaded Syria .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
Trump said he would “ reject bigotry and oppression ” as president though during the speech he mentioned tougher immigration laws that would specifically target those coming from Syria and other nations he said are hostile to the United States .	19	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Trump played to the crowd with a tribute to Phyllis Schlafly , the anti - feminist founder of Eagle Forum who died this week at 92 .	21	life.die.nonviolentdeath
There were also Palestinian stabbing attacks , rocket fire at Israel by Gaza Strip militants and retaliatory Israeli airstrikes .	4	conflict.attack.stabbing
Mustafa Barghouti , head of the Palestinian National Initiative , said Israel 's decision proved that " an alternative national strategy that focused on popular resistance and the boycott movement " was essential , in addition to reconciling feuding parties Hamas and Fatah .	28	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Hillary will allow entrepreneurs to put their federal student loans into a special status while they get their new ventures off the ground .	9	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
The blaze , thought to have been started by a downed power line , burned more than 125,000 acres of the Santa Fe National Forest .	1	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
To deal with China , he says , the United States should act like an aggressive patient at a dentist ’s office : “ Here ’s how the patient deals with the dentist : sits down in the chair , grabs the dentist by the nuts , and says , ‘ You do n’t hurt me , I wo n’t hurt you . ’ ” Peter Navarro , Trump ’s senior policy adviser on trade and China , is a business professor at the University of California at Irvine .	60	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Russia on Tuesday argued strongly against Turkey 's demand to keep a leading Kurdish group out of Syria 's peace talks , and said it expects the UN envoy to resist " blackmail " by Turkey and others , reflecting sharp differences that remain ahead of the scheduled talks .	32	contact.threatencoerce.meet
It is understood that shadowing ships is regular business for the Royal Navy , being supported by RAF surveillance aircraft on this occasion .	18	government.spy.spy
Probably the most generous interpretation of Trump ’s statements is that Scarborough ’s account is somehow inaccurate and that Trump merely intends to dangle the possibility of using nuclear weapons as part of his negotiating technique to intimidate foreign adversaries .	37	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
He had already said that her record was " terrible " and " disgraceful , " and that she " should be ashamed ” ; called Clinton 's husband , Bill , the worst abuser of women " in the history of politics in this nation , " and claimed that Hillary had " viciously " attacked women who had made allegations against him ( three of those women were Trump ’s guests at the debate ) ; accused her of " laughing at the girl who was raped " by a man she had represented as a young lawyer ( he 'd brought her , too ) ; accused her of being behind birtherism , which he himself had pushed ; and objected when Clinton referred to Michelle Obama , who has been campaigning for her , as her friend — objected , it seemed , to the idea that Clinton could have any friends but Sidney Blumenthal ( " he 's another real winner that you have " ) .	88	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Early in Mrs Clinton 's legal career , she was appointed to defend Ms Shelton 's rapist , despite objections , and had his sentence reduced to a lesser charge .	10	personnel.startposition.n/a
" We believe that Pam Bondi , Florida Attorney General , and Donald Trump have violated federal voting laws including but not limited to bribery across state lines by way of a $ 25,000 campaign contribution from Trump to Bondi during her 2013 election by way of the Trump Foundation in return for AG Bondi dropping an investigation into Trump University .	17	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
Computer security consultants hired by the DNC made dozens of recommendations after a two - month review , the people said .	3	personnel.startposition.n/a
Seifeddine Rezgui Yacoubi , disguised as a tourist , socialised with others , and then took out a Kalashnikov assault rifle concealed in a beach umbrella and fired at the tourists on the beach .	21	movement.transportartifact.hide
“ Upon inspection , the RNC found that its electronic filters had blocked emails sent to a former employee matching the description they ’d been warned about . ”	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
11/40 2014 - August James Foley is executed by the group as concerns grow for second American prisoner , fellow reporter Steven Sotloff .	7	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
The bill would take effect immediately if signed into law by President Obama .	7	government.legislate.legislate
Ansbach blast : Syrian asylum seeker kills himself and injures 12 in Germany	4	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
But many Democrats and foreign service officers believe the military has encroached on traditional diplomatic roles over the past decade , and they might object to putting a general in the job .	11	conflict.attack.invade
He was caught , was indicted and pleaded guilty in March .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
We must be able to provide aid impartially and safely , ” said Marianne Gasser , head of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Syria ( ICRC ) .	5	transaction.transaction.n/a
Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty , the section compelling member nations to provide aid , was invoked for the first time in the history of the organization in the wake of 9/11 .	14	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
“ Well , the situation in Syria is catastrophic and every day that goes by we see the results of the regime – by Assad in partnership with the Iranians on the ground , the Russians in the air – bombarding places , in particular Aleppo where there are hundreds of thousands of people , probably about 250,000 still left , and there is a determined effort by the Russian air force to destroy Aleppo in order to eliminate the last of the Syrian rebels who are really holding out against the Assad regime .	40	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Uranium One “ donated $ 2.35 million to the Foundation through several donations , which the foundation failed to report , as the Russian ’s gained control of Uranium One from 2009 - 2013 , ” Blackburn said .	3	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
He deceives them because they look to the beast as the source of salvation instead of looking to Christ .	1	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Ms. Wasserman Schultz has faced a flurry of negative stories during her five - year tenure as the committee ’s chairwoman , with critics charging that she was more focused on promoting her career than on the party , but she had resisted calls to quit .	45	personnel.endposition.quitretire
AP : Associated Press 3 Purged … Russian President Vladimir Putin with Vice Admiral Viktor Kravchuk who is reportedly among 50 senior naval officers who have been sacked in mysterious circumstances	27	personnel.endposition.n/a
" What future do these children have -- illiterate , orphaned , starved and maimed ?	12	life.injure.n/a
Even now as a candidate for president , Clinton remains fighting for this cause and has continuously called for the trade embargo with Cuba to be lifted as a further sign of the newfound goodwill between our two nations .	21	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
( AP ) Two New Hampshire state troopers who were caught on video repeatedly punching a suspect were arrested and charged .	18	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Fred Trump is the now - deceased father of Donald Trump .	6	life.die.n/a
Russia 's Defense Ministry spokesman says the deadly attack on an aid convoy in Syria the previous night does not appear to have been from an airstrike .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
" More than 2.6 million Americans have donated to this campaign because they know Hillary Clinton is the best candidate to bring us toward a more inclusive society with an economy that works for everyone , not just those at the top , " said spokesman Josh Schwerin .	7	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Trump nearly quintupled the monthly rent his presidential campaign pays for its headquarters at Trump Tower to $ 169,758 in July , when he was raising funds from donors , compared with March , when he was self - funding his campaign .	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Built like a linebacker with a square jaw , narrow eyes and a sly smile , Chapman went to war as a member of what the CIA called Team Hotel — a six - man unit composed of three Special Forces soldiers , two CIA paramilitary officers and a CIA contractor .	36	manufacture.artifact.n/a
We have gangs roaming the street .	3	movement.transportperson.n/a
I think perhaps secretly he wished the coups had succeeded , but he ’ll never say that .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Presidents have also led the U.S. into many wars – every one since World War II , in fact – without having an official declaration of war from Congress , although Congress did formally authorize some of them .	8	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
General Ali Abdullah Ayyoub , Assad ’s chief of general staff , ­visited the frontlines near Aleppo on Monday to inspect the troops ’ preparations .	20	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
" Sometimes it seemed like there was n't a country in the Middle East that Hillary Clinton did n't want to invade , intervene in , or topple .	21	conflict.attack.n/a
‘ We will strike PYD ’ – Turkish PM	3	life.injure.n/a
It can also be purchased online .	4	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Turkey has denied permitting oil smuggling by the Islamist militant group , which holds swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq .	5	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The revelations underscore fears in the United States that a network of sleeper cells is spread across Europe , avoiding detection , and is planning further Paris- and Brussels - style assaults .	31	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
What if obstruction not only starts to hurt the GOP 's WH nominee but puts holding the Senate at risk as well ?	2	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
You vote your conscience , and do n't forget to ask why Donald Trump donated money to Clinton 's Senate campaigns .	14	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
" I 'm just horrified to think the commander - in - chief is conducting himself with such reckless disregard for his responsibilities , making himself part and parcel of every blackmail threat that one can imagine , " retired Marine Lt . Gen. Charles Cooper told the Washington Times in 1998 .	39	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The two sides discussed steps to strengthen the so - called " extended deterrence " provided by U.S. nuclear forces in defending South Korea and agreed to begin a high - level dialogue about it .	32	contact.discussion.n/a
And this woman has been so battered over the last 30 years , I think that when faced with the fact this was a problem , instead of just cutting it and dealing with it immediately , there 's always an inclination to overthink it .	6	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
A series of diagrams in the “ Introduction to BADDECISION ” presentation show how an NSA operator “ uses SECONDDATE to inject a redirection payload at [ a ] Target Client , ” invisibly hijacking a user ’s web browser as the user attempts to visit a benign website ( in the example given , it ’s CNN.com ) .	34	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Costa Rica ’s foreign minister , Manuel González , said that tanks and weapons of war were ill - suited to the problems Central America faces : poverty , organized crime , human trafficking and drug trafficking .	36	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
The Chinese denied entry to the Stennis amid increasing tensions with the United States over Beijing ’s assertiveness in the South China Sea .	2	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Occasional trucks , transporting oil tanks , drive through the city	3	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
One of the survivors of the Egyptian hotel terror attack has spoken for the first time about the moment a jihadist tried to stab him in the chest with a knife and slashed him in the neck four times .	23	conflict.attack.stabbing
The ceasefire deal lacks a political horizon , he said .	1	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The Wilson Center rejects “ categorically ” any link to the coup attempt , and said in a statement that the island meeting “ was very much removed from the center of the crisis . ”	11	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
June 26 , 2015 -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before launching an attempted suicide attack at a U.S.-owned chemical factory near Lyon in southeastern France .	17	life.die.n/a
On Sunday , the base commander , General Bekir Ercan Van , and nine other Turkish officers at Incirlik were detained for allegedly supporting the coup .	25	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Lonina and her friend - who attends the same high school - met Gates at a Columbus mall for the first time the day before where he bought them a bottle of vodka and encouraged them to meet him the following day , her lawyer Sam Shamansky said .	27	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
He uses its fearful message to win elections , rally nationalists and delegitimise opponents .	6	personnel.elect.n/a
It ’s total top - down , command - and - control .	7	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Biden bristled at being portrayed as a holdout in greenlighting the raid that killed Osama bin Laden while Clinton was a seen as a strong advocate , and the day before he pulled the plug on running , publicly corrected the record to say he ’d privately advised Obama to go ahead with it .	47	contact.requestadvise.meet
Russia in battle for US respect	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The claim of responsibility , which came 36 hours after the attack , will increase pressure on French authorities investigating the massacre .	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Among those affected by the U.S.-imposed sanctions are members of Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s administration and that of Mr. Yanukovych , the former Ukrainian president , as well as the self - proclaimed leaders in portions of eastern Ukraine that have claimed allegiance to Russia after Crimea ’s annexation .	33	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
In the current era , one of the imprisoned members of the protest - art group Pussy Riot , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , used this approach : she would come to court with short prepared speeches and deliver them , in turn , every time she was asked a question .	8	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
That includes his inability to negotiate peace between Israel and the Palestinians -- a major topic in his first four UN addresses that was entirely absent during last year 's speech .	5	contact.negotiate.meet
Last year the Russian Foreign Ministry accused Poland of unleashing a “ war on monuments ” after they demolished a monument that had been erected to commemorate the camaraderie between Polish and Red Army soldiers , RBC reported .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Critics of the proposal to increase arms shipments warn that it would only worsen the violence in Syria without fundamentally changing the outcome .	7	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
A hint at who will succeed Karimov may come with the government 's announcement of his death - which one source said was expected later on Friday - and whoever it names to head the commission in charge of organizing the funeral .	41	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
Of course Hillary Clinton is held to a different standard when it comes to claims of lawlessness : Only men get to ride into town with guns a - blazing .	29	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
He has been extradited to the U.S. , where he awaits sentencing after pleading guilty to identity theft and unauthorized access to protected computers .	3	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
It will include things like assembling assault rifles , shooting and parachute jumping , but also theoretical subjects such as military history and tactics , the Gazeta.ru news website reports , quoting defence ministry officials .	5	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
I think of my parents , and as I look around the room , we probably share similar stories , of how our parents , grandparents , or great - grandparents might have immigrated to the U.S. … I often think , what ’s the motivation for Hillary Clinton ?	33	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
But this weekend , I saw a sea change in American politics when Cliven Bundy ’s sons took over a rural wildlife refuge in Eastern Oregon .	17	government.formation.mergegpe
French officials say Kiev might be wanting to demonstrate it can be a reliable partner at a time when it is also trying to block a lifting of EU sanctions against arch - foe Russia .	29	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
According to a memorandum of understanding , revealed by Politifact , the foundation could continue to collect donations from countries with which it had existing relationships or running grant programs .	28	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
They rely on fear in order to intimidate your vote , because they ca n’t win your vote , because fundamentally , it is the big corporate powers that call the shots in the Democratic Party .	7	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
But , instead of responding in kind , Bill Clinton imposed total trade embargo on Iran in 1996 as part of his absurd , and ultimately failed “ dual containment ” policy according to which both Iran and Iraq were supposed to be contained and put in a strategic box .	13	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In either case Hillary Clinton will not be influenced by the threat of any type of exposure or blackmail because she has demonstrated that she does not care what information comes out .	18	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
On 17 June 2014 , this report notes , while on Federation soil and in the possession of ( legal ) Russian identity documents , Nadiya Savchenko used her cellular phone to secretly adjust mortar fire from her Aidar Battalion terrorist allies in Ukraine onto a militia roadblock in the vicinity of Metallist village in the self - proclaimed Luhansk People ’s Republic ( LPR ) killing Russian television reporter Vladimirovich Kornelyuk and his sound engineer Anton Voloshin .	47	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Fresh shelling and clashes were reported overnight in some areas of the war - torn country , but the US - Russia brokered truce which took effect on Monday appeared to be largely holding . In New York , the UN Security Council cancelled an urgent meeting that had been called to discuss whether to endorse the ceasefire , billed as the " last chance " to end the five - year war that has killed 300,000 people .	46	contact.collaborate.meet
Most were dismissed from service on their arrival , arrested and imprisoned , according to a Turkish military official at NATO and two farewell letters sent by departing Turkish officials emailed to colleagues at NATO and seen by Reuters .	2	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
The emails inflamed supporters of her primary opponent , Bernie Sanders , during the Democratic Party 's national convention , which led to widespread protest and the ousting of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz .	27	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
We 've seen , particularly in that part of the world , the bloody massacre on the beaches of Tunisia , and how ISIS and some of the other organizations in that area , really just try to kill as many people as possible .	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The protections include requirements to arrest or detain a child only as a last resort and to take precautions to ensure that children are not compelled to confess guilt .	7	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
And the Democrats have sanctimoniously harpooned Trump for his many outrageously vulgar comments about women and over multiple allegations of sexual harassment and sexual assault by women over the past few decades .	24	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Would President Clinton expect the Russians to stand down and accept these massacres ?	12	life.die.n/a
In December 2015 , Human Rights Watch was able to identify several victims who exhibited signs of torture , all of whom were detained by regime authorities between May 2011 and August 2013 .	23	movement.transportperson.preventexit
During the uprising that removed Yanukovych from power in February 2014 , the Daily Beast reported anti - Yanukovych protesters also congregated outside Podesta ’s DC office to protest his firm ’s representation of the Centre .	21	contact.collaborate.meet
And we have to take on and defeat ISIS online , you know they are sophisticated savvy user of the internet where they recruit , where they radicalize , where the plot and they plan , and we ca n't let them have the entire internet to do that .	23	personnel.startposition.n/a
And let ’s suppose they entered into an agreement that if one country were invaded , then the other country will come to its aid .	8	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
party leaders , including Clinton , took two immediate steps that made the situation worse : They sacked the head of the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the day she was due to open the convention and , second , they called on the FBI to investigate the hacking and find who was responsible for the embarrassing leaks .	17	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
The document — which was disputed by Sarkozy — surfaced among the archives of the demolished Qaddafi regime , and has been backed up by several former regime insiders .	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
But he ’s an excellent lawyer , and here are some of Hillary Clinton ’s lying statements pretending to be an opponent of , and to disagree with , the Citizens United decision :	15	contact.prevarication.n/a
Deaths were also reported in Angola in March , when about 10 North Korean workers died of yellow fever , according to RFA .	18	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Iran wants post - sanctions ’ oil contracts denominated in dollars and have buyers pay in euros , Reuters reported .	4	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
But in what may prove to be the most exciting find to date , the German weekly Der Spiegel announced recently that astronomers have discovered an Earth - like planet orbiting Proxima Centauri , just 4.25 light - years away .	19	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
“ We hope that our partners from the international coalition realize , what would be the consequences of having bands freely roaming around the Middle East .	21	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Europe welcomes exports produced by Jewish settlers on occupied Palestinian land , the EU ’s envoy to Israel has said , while insisting that the best way to stop boycotts would be to make peace between Israel and Palestine .	29	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
FLEE THE COUNTRY ?	0	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Shortly afterward , a company Giustra partially owned acquired the lucrative rights to conduct logging operations in an ecologically sensitive area along the ­Colombian coast .	8	transaction.transferownership.purchase
He sought refuge in the Ecuadorian embassy in 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden over sex assault allegations that he says are a US plot to jail him for leaking US military and diplomatic files .	26	movement.transportperson.preventexit
“ Islamic State ’s police arrested the Muaz Hassan earlier this week in the city of Raqqa , after they heard him ‘ cursing divinity ’ , while playing in the street with his friends , ” the source quoted an ISIS member of Islamic Court as saying .	5	movement.transportperson.preventexit
To prevent the spread of radical Islamic terrorism , Trump suggested he would not push for regime change as president , and he would disrupt terrorists ' activities online to recruit and promote their propaganda and he would work coordinate with other countries interested in destroying the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) .	45	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
“ I know a lot of very intelligent women who are voting for Trump .	11	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
Qatar , a member of the Opec oil cartel , relies on the Strait of Hormuz waterway , says the Daily Telegraph , and as that passes through both Iranian and UAE waters , regional shipments could be disrupted , which would have consequences for global oil supply .	35	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
However , companies are lobbying the US government to permit them to sell those ultra - detailed images to anyone who wants to buy them , so long as they ’re cleared as non - threatening to national security .	23	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In Hungary , the increasingly authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orban , has started building a wall to keep out immigrants and holding migrants in detention camps where guards have been filmed flinging food at them as if they were zoo animals .	32	movement.transportartifact.n/a
He said , ‘ You ’ve got to give Kim Jong Un credit ’ for taking over North Korea – something he did by murdering everyone he saw as a threat , including his own uncle , which Donald described gleefully , like he was recapping an action movie .	24	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Another British backpacker , Chris Porter , is being treated for wounds to the ankles and an Australian worker at the hostel , Grant Schulz , has been discharged after being stabbed in the leg .	31	conflict.attack.n/a
For the debate , she needs to answer this in a way that does not imply that her voters are just smarter than certain other people 's voters .	2	contact.negotiate.correspondence
The plans under discussion likely include the appointment of Republicans to a number of key positions , including cabinet posts , as well as the nomination of a replacement on the Supreme Court for the deceased ultra - right Justice Antonin Scalia .	35	life.die.n/a
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Wis . ) accused the Democrats of exploiting the Orlando tragedy , the deadliest mass shooting in the nation 's history , to raise campaign funds .	72	conflict.attack.firearmattack
She said she imagined Mr. Trump was “ composing nasty tweets ” about her even as she spoke .	8	manufacture.artifact.n/a
In April 2006 , Goldman Sachs provided investors with a bullish report on Countrywide ’s high - quality mortgage loans — loans the bank had helpfully packaged into AAA - rated mortgage - backed securities , thereby offering those lucky clients a low - risk way of profiting from America ’s housing boom .	21	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
“ Premiums ( under Obamacare ) are expected to increase overall in 2017 , but Trump is cherry - picking from the highest proposed increases in the insurance marketplace . ”	23	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Obama landed in Riyadh earlier Wednesday for a summit with Gulf leaders and spent two - and - a - half hours meeting with the 80-year - old monarch on issues that have recently strained the alliance , including the conflict in Yemen , the role of Iran , Lebanon 's instability and the fight against ISIS , U.S. officials said .	22	contact.collaborate.meet
That ’s among a long list of reasons he outlined today that a person could be denied entry — or even ordered to leave the country after already immigrating here .	28	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
" These regimes are buying access , " Patrick Poole , a national security analyst who regularly writes for PJ Media , told the DCNF .	4	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
A 2012 report by Clinton ’s State Department , for example , noted that in addition to recruiting child soldiers , South Sudan ’s security forces also committed arbitrary or unlawful killings , tortured and raped women , arbitrarily arrested and detained people , and “ tortured , beat , and harassed political opponents , journalists , and human rights workers . ” The SPLA also broke its 2010 pledge to demobilize all of its child soldiers by the end of the year , leaving children serving in the force .	35	life.injure.n/a
Hide Caption 21 of 43 Photos : Hillary Clinton 's life in the spotlight Sen. Clinton comforts Maren Sarkarat , a woman who lost her husband in the September 11 terrorist attacks , during a ground - zero memorial in October 2001 .	31	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( Texas ) , James Inhofe James InhofeMcCain strikes back as Trump ’s chief critic Turbulence for Trump on air traffic control Parliamentarian threatens deadly blow to GOP healthcare bill MORE ( Okla. ) , Mike Rounds ( S.D.	78	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Never mind that more Mexicans have returned to their country than have immigrated to the United States since 2009 ; in Trump ’s world they flood across the border , mandating the construction of a wall .	12	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Since nothing is marked " classified"—the legal markings are " confidential , " " secret " and " top secret"—Clinton has been materially misleading the public and the FBI when she claims that she never sent or received anything " marked classified . "	23	contact.prevarication.meet
And he had been caught with anthrax in 1995 by the UN inspections after denying that he had it .	12	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
None of the Clintons — not even Chelsea — draws a salary from the Foundation or gets reimbursed for expenses .	17	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
But a Washington Post report on all 980 police shootings of 2015 reveals that only 4 percent of fatal police shootings involved white officers and black victims , while in “ three - quarters of the incidents , cops were either under attack themselves or defending civilians , ” or , as Michael Walsh observed in the New York Post , police officers were “ in other words , doing their jobs . ”	18	life.die.n/a
" The shipment today more than triples our previous 2 - 3 month breakout timeline for Iran to acquire enough weapons grade uranium for one weapon . "	2	movement.transportartifact.n/a
In his campaign video , Sullivan mocked the Vermont senator for proposing that Iran and Saudi Arabia “ join together in a coalition to fight ISIS . ” But there are more realistic ways to encourage Saudi - Iranian détente .	11	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The agreement ’s smartest critic , Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , explained in July that by the time a new U.S. president took office , “ the international sanctions process would have been totally dismantled . ” The president could restore American sanctions but not the joint European - Russian - Chinese – United Nations sanctions that had forced Iran to the bargaining table .	44	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Hide Caption 2 of 8 Photos : Deadly explosion in Istanbul Turkish police cordon off a street in Istanbul .	8	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
The debates will win the night but never pull away many of those 10 million Falcons , Saints and , most importantly , fantasy football fans , ” he said .	1	contact.discussion.meet
The “ nuclear option ” would be an embargo on Russian energy exports .	8	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Although investigators are pursuing charges of child abuse , critics say it was not clear from initial police announcements that the case was being followed up .	4	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Soros apparently said he enjoyed the fact that he could " always " get a meeting or get on the phone with Clinton when he wanted to discuss his ideas for policies .	27	contact.discussion.n/a
This is $ 1.3 trillion and the broad brushstroke there is that we managed to come up with a whole lot of money for Wall Street , which Congress learned , when the audit was actually done and the reporting by the Fed , that “ Oh my God , you managed to come up with $ 17 trillion or $ 16 trillion of near - zero interest or free money in order to bail out Wall Street . ” Wall Street has the unique ability to turn around and quickly lend that low interest money for seven percent and recoup it , so Wall Street was able to pay much of that back , we know , but the point remains that if we can bail out the crooks who crashed the economy through waste , fraud and abuse and predatory lending and unethical bundling of extremely insecure financial packages – if we can find a way to bail them out to the tune of a whole lot of trillions , we can find a way to bail out a whole generation that has basically been thrown under the bus and does not have a future , that arguably does n’t have a way out .	91	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Fondation Lenval , the children 's hospital in Nice , says it has treated some 50 children and adolescents , including two who died during or after surgery .	27	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
If she is the pick , to prevail in November she would be well - advised to consider with the clear - eyed political clarity of Kenny O’Donnell and JFK why Sanders runs so strong in general election match - ups , why her trust numbers and the enthusiasm she generates are dangerously low and how she can change this .	15	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
One year ago , such charges would have been unheard of , he said , but " it has become a common thing these days , and there has been a wave of arrests on these Facebook posts " .	33	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
The letter also urged OSCE to target its resources on states where racial discrimination in voting or voter intimidation are particular threats .	17	government.vote.violationspreventvote
He 's said he consults himself on foreign policy , and he is resistant to conferring with experts .	15	contact.discussion.correspondence
But in a surprise statement broadcast on the Saudi - owned Al Arabiya news network , a spokesman for the Saudi Defense Ministry suggested that the kingdom could send soldiers to fight the Islamic State .	5	contact.mediastatement.n/a
One of the mines exploded on the embassy area near its residential department .	4	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Despite his pledge 7 years ago in Prague that the US will " seek the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons , " Obama has supported spending $ 1 trillion over the next 3 decades to modernize the U.S. nuclear arsenal .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
He has called climate change “ a hoax ” and vowed to renegotiate the Paris climate accord .	10	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
He also promised that US troops would have “ the best equipment in the world ” while they fight , and “ the best care in the world ” when they return as veterans .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Russia ’s Defense Ministry has cautioned the US - led coalition of carrying out airstrikes on Syrian army positions , adding in Syria there are numerous S-300 and S-400 air defense systems up and running .	14	conflict.attack.n/a
The ministry said it would also ban coal shipments from North Korea , although it made exemptions consistent with sanctions , including uses intended for " the people 's well - being " and not connected to nuclear or missile programs .	8	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Countries that put losing candidates in jail :	6	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The move means the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority , which is responsible for interpreting numerical addresses on the Web to a readable language , will move from U.S. control to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , a multistakeholder body based in Los Angeles that includes countries such as China and Russia .	15	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
The EU pledged to provide a 3-billion - euro fund for Syrians in Turkey .	9	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
The “ Brexit ” vote runs counter to Mr. Obama ’s vision of open , interconnected societies , and it illustrates the frustrating cycle of his engagement with the world : “ America ’s first Pacific president , ” as Mr. Obama has called himself , who tried to pull the United States out of the Middle East , now finds himself , near the end of his presidency , confronting a crisis in Europe fueled in part by the refugees attempting to flee the Middle East .	83	movement.transportperson.n/a
Put aside how utterly absurd this claim is ( rent Roots if you do n’t know what I mean ) and how understandably offensive it is to a lot of black people , it was never intended to win black votes .	9	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
After president Richard Nixon ’s Watergate scandal and subsequent coverup was exposed , he became the first chief to resign in office .	19	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The multi - sided war in Syria raged on as Denmark announced its increased activity , with Aleppo surrounded by pro - government forces and bombarded by Russian airstrikes .	25	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
The brutality of July 15 , in which rogue soldiers commandeered fighter jets , helicopters and tanks , shocked a nation that last saw a violent military power grab in 1980 .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
To Putin ’s mind , the campaign is a way of pushing back against what he sees as meddling by Washington and Brussels in his backyard , from allegedly encouraging anti - Putin protests in Moscow in 2011 to fomenting the pro - European Maidan uprising in Kiev in 2013 that led to the ousting of President Yanukovych ( and put Paul Manafort temporarily out of a job ) .	54	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
MOSCOW ( Web Desk ) – Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that his country faces a greater threat of war from Hillary Clinton becoming US President , as opposed to Donald Trump .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
You 're wrong , and only the type of wrong an over - tanned ham hock like yourself can accomplish , plummeting past the morass of gross incivility into the abyss of depraved sociopathy .	21	movement.transportperson.fall
July 11 , 2015 -- A -- A car bomb explodes outside the Italian Consulate in Cairo , killing at least one person and injuring nine others .	24	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
When ISIS - linked terrorists decapitated their American captive James Foley and released the video on the internet , Obama went golfing .	5	life.die.n/a
RELATED STORIES ' DAD DIED IN MY ARMS ' Daughter , 26 , cradled her dying dad after he was mowed down by Finsbury Park terror van ROBERT COLVILE Following its recent purchase of Whole Foods , Amazon has become a monster we should be afraid of ' Pics ' dad suicide Dad - of - two , 50 , shoots himself in US after he was wrongly accused of possessing indecent images TOT , SKIP AND JUMP Bizarre festival in Spain sees men dressed as The Devil leap over babies to rid the tots of bad spirits HE 'S IN THE BAG Iraqi illegal immigrant is discovered being smuggled into Britain on the back seat of a car ... in a SUITCASE ' IT 'S CLEAR AS DAY ' Cops confirm stabbed dad took photo just as killer who knifed him to death in his car pounced ' YOU JUST HAVE TO RUN ' Couple doused themselves in water and dashed through 16 floors of fire to safety - after sobbing 999 operator said ' nobody could save them '	109	movement.transportperson.hide
" In the name of France , once more , I am expressing my solidarity , but also our affection ... for all those people who learned that a loved one , or even an entire family , have drowned in the sea - and who want to know , to know to be able to grieve .	39	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
NATO sources in Europe suggest that the current plan is to invade with troops	4	contact.requestadvise.n/a
He ’s urged his supporters to monitor polling sites ; he ’s suggested even that the polls are rigged .	2	contact.commandorder.n/a
The women describe gruesome public executions with extremists shooting their victims , decapitating them and putting their heads on sticks and leaving their bodies in the road to be run over ( file picture )	5	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
He argued that this allowed forces led by Jabhat Fateh al - Sham , formerly known as al - Nusra Front , to violate the US - Russian ceasefire agreed on September 9 .	23	government.agreements.violateagreement
To show her seriousness , the former secretary of state suggested deploying additional U.S. forces to the Persian Gulf region and recommended that Congress “ close any gaps ” in the existing sanctions to punish Iran for any current or future instances of human rights abuses and support for terror .	21	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
She considered that assassinating the Jordanian writer Nahed Hatar is a part of the attempts to silence voices that is taking place in the region , addressing the killers by saying “ where is the freedom , democracy , and human rights if we are not able to disagree ? ”	3	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Months before I had written about her on Huffington Post , explaining that I despised her not for her gender -- as some of her supporters accused -- but for her hawkishness , her center - left policies , her husband 's crime bill that incarcerated so many people of color , her support for the Trans - Pacific Partnership , and her inability to get progressive on climate change policy .	45	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Trump was asked about abuse of H-1B visas , which allow US companies to sponsor and temporarily employ foreign workers in certain occupations .	17	personnel.startposition.n/a
While “ at least a hundred , if not several hundred ” State employees had her clintonemail.com address — emails from Hillary often arrived with just an “ H ” in the “ from ” field — and many of those employees , like Kennedy , were aware she used a personal email account , most did n’t understand she had a private server .	17	contact.mediastatement.n/a
Another goal : undercutting American public sympathy for the imprisoned rival of Ukraine ’s then - president .	9	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Named : Bouhlel , who has three children aged five , three and 18 months , was forced to move out of the family home into this flat after his marriage broke down two years ago - it is believed the divorce proceedings were being carried out over the past few months	42	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Assange spoke from the Ecuadorian embassy in London , where he faces extradition over sexual assault allegations .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Much of the speculation stems from a concussion Clinton sustained in December 2012 after fainting in her final weeks as secretary of state , an episode her doctor has attributed to a stomach virus and dehydration .	35	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
A resident living not far from the area told the AP he heard a massive explosion that shook buildings and saw a column of smoke but could not confirm if it was coming from parliament itself .	15	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Ilona Bogen , a 38-year - old nurse who immigrated from Lithuania about 15 years ago and who is one of the few likely to support Hillary Clinton , said she has no idea why Trump is currying favor with Putin .	9	movement.transportperson.n/a
It ’s a vote that is chiefly against something — in this case , her pro - corporate sail - trimming and all the rest .	3	government.vote.castvote
Police have said it is possible that Rich ’s death was the result of an attempted robbery in the Bloomingdale neighbourhood of Washington , DC , last month .	16	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Last week , the Commission on Presidential Debates announced on Friday the lineup to moderate this year 's presidential debates : Lester Holt , Martha Raddatz , Anderson Cooper and Chris Wallace .	8	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has proposed swapping the two Russians for Nadiya Savchenko , convicted by a Russian court last month on charges relating to the deaths of two Russian journalists .	14	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
" I know you guys would love it if we scooped ourselves on ' Fox & Friends , ' but we ’re not going to do that , ” Assange said from the Ecuadorean embassy in London , where he has lived for nearly five years as he fights extradition to Sweden where he is wanted on charges relating to sexual assault that his supporters say are politically driven .	49	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
( CNN ) The former head of Russia 's anti - doping agency RUSADA has died less than two months after resigning from his post .	21	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Serbia has reportedly advised its athletes in Rio to withdraw from any medal ceremonies if they have to share the podium with athletes from Kosovo , although there were no Serbian judokas participating on Sunday .	3	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
With the Soviet Union ’s collapse , the Clinton-42 administration saw the opportunity for more low - cost tough - guy / gal - ism – continuing a harsh embargo and periodic air strikes against Iraq ( causing the deaths of a U.N.-estimated half million children ) ; blasting Serbia into submission over Kosovo ; and expanding NATO to the east toward Russia ’s borders .	29	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
No Wars for the Billionaire Class means standing up to the overarching influence of the arms - producing companies , especially their overpaid CEOs ( perhaps recalling an earlier era of US history , when war profiteering was actually deemed illegal as well as immoral ) .	22	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The Boeing 777 ( BA.N ) broke apart in mid - air , flinging wreckage over several kilometers ( miles ) of fields in rebel - held territory .	13	movement.transportartifact.n/a
TEHRAN ( FNA)- The General Command of the Syrian army said the US - led coalition has bombed the Syrian army positions in Deir Ezzur , killing some 80 soldiers and injuring dozens more .	31	life.injure.n/a
The number of Palestinian children arrested by Israeli forces has more than doubled since October 2015 .	5	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The president added that Russia had failed to implement any aspect of 2015 's Minsk Agreement , a ceasefire pact between Kiev and Moscow in Belarus .	18	government.agreements.n/a
The same pattern has been repeated among regional governors — four of whom have recently been sacked , and two replaced by Putin ’s personal bodyguards .	16	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
For some Republicans , the two weeks of back - to - back party conventions presented a head - spinning inversion of iconography and professed values , one they feared could provoke a more permanent departure from Republican ranks by middle of the road voters faced with a choice between the Democrats and Mr. Trump .	24	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Lorenzana said he has been ordered by Duterte to travel to Beijing and Moscow to discuss what defense equipment the Philippines can acquire from them .	22	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Hillary will convene a high level working group of experts , business and labor leaders to recommend how best to ensure that people have the benefits and security they need no matter how they work .	16	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
In other words , Russia just blazed way past the issue of GMO labeling and shut down the use of any and all GMOs that would have otherwise entered the food supply through the creation of packaged foods ( and the cultivation of GMO crops ) .	31	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
In response , they hung him by his wrists for several hours .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
The dishonorable discharges included around 40 percent of Turkey 's admirals and generals .	2	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Duterte 's office denied the claims made by Matobato on Thursday , and said the President was " unfazed " by the Senate investigation .	23	justice.investigate.n/a
Hundreds have now laid flowers in their memory as President Hollande said ' many foreigners have died ' and at least 50 more people are ' between life and death ' .	16	life.die.n/a
Podesta was referring to MSNBC host Christopher Hayes , who had tweeted at the time that a U.S. citizen named " Sayeed Farouk " was believed to be one of the people involved in the shooting .	35	life.die.n/a
Donald Trump does not have a clue about any of this , careening wildly from vows to stay out of the fray ( leaving it in Vladimir Putin ’s nefarious hands ) to promises that the earth will be indiscriminately scorched .	15	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
( Matt Bonesteel ) A federal judge in Texas issued a nationwide injunction to block Obama ’s transgender bathroom policy , temporarily barring the policy from taking effect just as the public school year begins .	12	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The document was scheduled to be forwarded over to Clinton over State ’s secured network , but the secure fax machine appears to have been broken .	19	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Leaked documents published by Wikileaks show that U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has advocated in private for free trade and open borders in a way that could be at variance with public pledges she has made to voters .	33	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Graham said Trump lost his confidence when the billionaire businessman criticized Arizona Sen. John McCain for being a captured during the Vietnam War and accused former President George W. Bush of lying to Americans about the Iraq War .	18	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Why whitewash Putin when the Russian leader is threatening our European allies and committing war crimes in Syria ?	8	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
A woman walks through rubble after airstrikes in the rebel - held Syrian town of Dael on Friday .	6	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
" And for more than a week , the Syrian regime repeatedly denied entry to these UN convoys , preventing them from delivering urgent food , water and medical supplies to desperate Syrian citizens . "	12	movement.transportartifact.n/a
" They are hoping and praying that Hillary Clinton becomes president of the United States , because they ’ll take over not only that part of the world , they ’ll take over this country , " Trump told backers in Ocala , Fla.	19	government.formation.mergegpe
The bank also joined the Clinton Foundation to launch entrepreneurship and inner - city loan programs , through which it lent $ 32 million .	20	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The Nazi messaging also preached about internal threats from various segments of Germany 's own population , like Jews , homosexuals , and communists .	4	contact.mediastatement.n/a
However , digital security researchers and U.S. officials preached caution , arguing there is still scant evidence to determine who is behind the attack , warning that both groups have falsely taken credit for high - profile attacks in the past .	8	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
But a growing chorus of Democrats — and some Republicans — are urging Obama to take public action in response to mounting evidence that Russia may have orchestrated Friday ’s leak of the stolen emails in order to benefit GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald TrumpLewandowski near ' high six - figure book deal ' : report GOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Overnight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data MORE .	12	contact.commandorder.n/a
There are already opposition concerns that the restructuring of the military lacks parliamentary oversight and is going too far , with thousands of soldiers discharged , including around 40 percent of generals .	24	personnel.endposition.n/a
Visit : Rumours started that Julian Assange died after eating a poisoned vegan Pret a Manger meal that was brought to his room by Pamela Anderson on Saturday ( pictured )	7	life.die.n/a
So far , Trump ’s untraditional moves have only expanded his support , but his threatened boycott leaves him open to criticism that for all his tough talk he is ducking face - to - face confrontations with his opponents and scrutiny from the Fox moderators .	16	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
On August 25 2010 , Assange was cleared of the suspicion of ’ rape ’ by Stockholm ’s Chief Prosecutor Eva Finne , who stated she “ made the assessment that the evidence did not disclose any offence of rape ” .	39	life.injure.n/a
We now know that Egyptian Companies and Government Entities gave money to the Clinton Foundation while Her State Department cleared Egypt to continue purchasing arms the U.S. government classified as toxicological agents , a broad designation that included chemical and biological weapons .	23	transaction.transferownership.n/a
6 ) Duterte has demanded that the United States apologize for the Bud Dajo “ massacre ” in 1906 , which his spokesman has ludicrously likened to the Holocaust .	15	life.die.n/a
Image copyright AP Image caption Savchenko 's supporters once again protested outside the Russian embassy in Kiev	10	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
More than three decades ago , the Republican National Committee was caught orchestrating expansive efforts to intimidate individuals at polling places in minority neighborhoods .	16	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Residential areas had been damaged and traces of explosions could be seen on the ground .	8	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
COOPER : Do you continue to pledge whoever the Republican nominee is ?	6	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
And in eastern Aleppo , a resident reached by Reuters said there had been dozens of blasts .	16	conflict.attack.bombing
Trump has attempted to smear and intimidate a district judge , Gonzalo Curiel , who is presiding over a lawsuit for fraud against Trump University , with its distinguished faculty of cardboard cutouts and allegedly bankrupt real estate investors .	6	contact.threatencoerce.meet
In December , the group documented an attack on the Yemeni port of Hodaida that injured a woman and two children in their homes .	15	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Video of Clinton 's departure seemed to show her buckling and stumbling as she got into her van .	11	movement.transportperson.fall
The Russian foreign ministry said : ' Both sides expressed hope for a normalisation in Russian - British ties and underscored the desire to step up political dialogue .	27	contact.discussion.meet
She lied under oath when testifying to Congress , and she lied about FBI Director James Comey ’s public indictment of her lies , which he delivered to the nation .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
From Karoun Demirjian and Ed O'Keefe : “ Trump said this week that lawmakers should find a way to bar terrorism suspects from obtaining guns and that he planned to meet with the nation ’s top gun lobby to build support .	23	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
This was not the first timeshe sought to open a dialogue with Sanders on how they could work together .	10	contact.discussion.correspondence
Most of them thought it was acceptable to kidnap people on another continent , ship them across an ocean on boats with outrageously high mortality rates , and then compel them through torture and beatings to perform agricultural labor .	32	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Up to one in every three Russian women suffers physical abuse at the hands of her partner , and 40 per cent of all violent crimes or murders take place in the home , according to statistics cited by the Anna centre .	27	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ The bulk of the remaining funds were used to develop oil and gas fields in Indonesia , as well as to pay for a lavish lifestyle for Miracle , ” the U.S. Attorney ’s Office for Western District of Washington said in a statement at time of his guilty plea .	49	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
She said she knew for a fact that there were many girls being sent to the north of England to be mutilated , that the police were turning a blind eye . ”	21	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
DR . JILL STEIN : Well , you know , there is no doubt we have a voting system , as well as a system of press and debates and so on , which essentially removes any knowledge that there — and , you know , the reason people do n’t hear about what the Green Party is doing is because there ’s a complete corporate media blackout on what we ’re doing .	17	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
Moreover , Hillary will use the power of the federal government to harass and intimidate anyone who stands in the way of her agenda .	14	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Turkish president Erdogan has threatened to “ leave ” Europe to deal with its migrant crisis alone , saying that Germany “ blackmailed ” Ankara by recognizing the Armenian Genocide .	22	contact.threatencoerce.meet
The biggest cheer of the week in Philadelphia came as Obama and Clinton walked off , arms wrapped around each other .	13	movement.transportperson.n/a
" If you ’re a young African American disillusioned and afraid , we saw in Dallas how great our police officers can be , help us build a future where nobody is afraid to walk outside , including the people that wear blue to protect our future . "	34	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
" The US is doing what they 've always done - bail out Europeans unprepared to fund defence properly , " says General Sir Richard Shirreff , Nato 's number two soldier until two years ago , " but more than that , it 's recognition that Europe is strategically vital for the US and that the withdrawal of the last of the US heavy brigades a couple of years ago went too far in the face of the very real threat posed by [ Russian President Vladimir ] Putin . "	16	transaction.transaction.n/a
He vowed to work closely with Germany in investigating the attack . One person was detained late on Tuesday as part of the investigation , Ala said , but gave no details .	15	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Hide Caption 29 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city An Iraqi forces member investigates a mass grave that was discovered after coalition forces recaptured the area of Hamam al - Alil on Monday , November 7 .	22	justice.investigate.n/a
Keen sportsman Galakhov ( right ) confessed to gunning Nosova ( left ) down with an unspecified weapon after being detained by police on suspicion of murder	20	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
We cried together this morning on the news that our good friend and a lot of your good friend , Mark Weiner , passed away early this morning .	23	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Astronauts , including the UK ’s Tim Peake , orbiting 250 miles above Earth used a robotic arm to capture the Dragon , which holds three tonnes of freight and had as part of its payload a soft - sided compartment built by Bigelow Aerospace .	28	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
It was supposed to bring about a nationwide ceasefire , improved humanitarian aid access , and a joint U.S.-Russian effort against jihadist groups including Islamic State and the Nusra Front , long al Qaeda 's Syrian wing .	8	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
More than a quarter of a million people were hemmed into the battered remains of streets by the guns of Assad ’s conscripts , elite Iranian troops and a spectrum of Shia militias , patrolled from above by Russian planes .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The Federal Bureau of Investigation said it was investigating the “ cyber intrusion ” at the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) , which the Clinton campaign blamed on Russian hackers bent on helping Trump .	8	justice.investigate.n/a
“ I think you do n’t realize the emotional cost of every single day , twice a day , being in rooms where the norm has become people shouting out , ‘ Hang the bitch , ’ ‘ Kill her , ’ ‘ Cunt , ’ ” the second reporter said .	32	conflict.attack.hanging
Yes , we would be able to negotiate a free trade agreement with the European Union .	7	contact.negotiate.meet
Since then , Ioffe has been harassed by Trump supporters sending her anti - Semitic threats like photoshopped images of her wearing a Jude star , and others referencing the Holocaust .	30	life.die.n/a
The UK has to negotiate two exit agreements : a divorce treaty to wind down British contributions to the EU budget and settle the status of the 1.2 million Britons living in the EU and 3 million EU citizens in the UK ; and an agreement to govern future trade and other ties with its European neighbours .	11	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Antaihe Cheol , a 30-year - old resident of northern Israel , said his father and brother have been waiting to immigrate for 20 years .	21	movement.transportperson.n/a
In a sign of the continued strains between Russia and the West , Grushko reiterated Moscow 's position that NATO 's biggest modernization since the end of the Cold War is putting Europe 's security at risk .	14	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
" While at this morning 's event , she became overheated and dehydrated .	12	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Forget even his raging egomania , matched only by Obama ’s , which the president sometimes tries to conceal beneath a laughably transparent gossamer of false modesty .	18	movement.transportperson.hide
He made the case that his proposed ban on Muslims entering the country is what ’s really needed to stop massacres like Orlando .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
In 2015 , it was a letter to Maradona that quelled rumors the Cuban leader had passed away .	16	life.die.nonviolentdeath
However , the man had never been associated with any acts of terrorism before the Bastille Day slaughter , and he was not under surveillance .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
( June 30 ) AP 6 of 19 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE SUICIDE ATTACK AT ISTANBUL AIRPORT Obama , Pena Nieto talk Turkey , immigration | 2:25 The leaders of the United States , Canada and Mexico convened a summit Wednesday intended to reaffirm their close cooperation at a time of rising extremist threats around the globe and isolationist calls in the American presidential campaign .	41	contact.discussion.meet
We need to renew dialogue , " Gorbachev said , commenting on the US decision to call off Syria talks .	4	contact.discussion.meet
It was facing regulatory action from a new government that had taken over when Yanukovych , who had been prime minister , lost his hold on power after his party tried to rig an October 2004 election to make him president .	11	government.formation.mergegpe
The email from Brazile had a subject line of “ From time to time I get the questions in advance ” and said “ Here ’s one that worries me about HRC , ” followed by the full text of a question about the death penalty .	44	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
There has also been a wave of stabbings and attempted stabbings by Palestinians against Israeli civilians and security forces both in the West Bank and in Israel .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
That may have made it hard for French banks to lend to Qatar for the Rafale as there is geopolitical risk , with tension rising with Iran and the Islamic State , he said .	10	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The US government estimated that 4.9 m gallons of oil spilled from the seabed after the BP - leased Deepwater Horizon oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico suffered an explosion on 20 April 2010 that killed 11 people .	30	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Trump appeared to urge Russian intelligence agencies to unearth and release the 33,000 emails Clinton deleted from her private email server .	3	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Manafort quickly rose to become Trump ’s campaign manager , but left that position last month amid reports Ukrainian authorities were investigating him for allegedly receiving $ 12.7 million in illegal payments from Ukraine ’s former pro - Russia ruling party .	31	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In a separate statement , Papadopoulos said top government officials had convened a meeting at National Guard headquarters on the orders of Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades who 's on an official visit to Mongolia .	11	contact.discussion.meet
It also acknowleges that Germany stood by and allowed the massacre to occur .	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
She also will receive $ 15,000 worth of plastic surgery treatments from a hospital in Thailand , plus airfare and a hotel stay during the treatments and recovery .	9	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
24/38 NOVEMBER 2012 : Prime Minister David Cameron talking to US President Barack Obama on the telephone from his office in Downing Street Peter Macdiarmid / PA	16	contact.collaborate.correspondence
And in fact , if the coups had succeeded , it would have just created another host of problems for us .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
And one of the most notable parts of Clinton ’s approach to foreign policy that has gotten relatively little attention is that one of the few areas where she has been openly critical of President Obama has been by complaining that he ’s been insufficiently militaristic or belligerent or aggressive in a number of areas , in particular , in Syria , where she criticized him in her book and then also in various interviews for not doing enough in Syria to stop the Syrian dictator , Assad , from brutalizing the Syrian people .	90	life.injure.n/a
GENEVA — Islamic State forces have committed genocide and other war crimes in a continuing effort to exterminate the Yazidi religious minority in Syria and Iraq , United Nations investigators said on Thursday , urging stronger international action to halt the killing and to prosecute the terrorist group .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The attackers , armed with assault rifles and explosives , target six locations across the city -- including a soccer match as France plays world champion Germany and the Bataclan concert hall , where most of the fatalities occur .	37	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Enact a federal just cause law ( to prohibit firing without just cause , ) and outlaw scabbing on striking workers .	9	personnel.endposition.n/a
The bankers realized that a man who would endure almost two decades of litigation to avoid paying such meager wages might tie them up for eternity over the billions of dollars owed to them .	19	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Someplace where she can feel confident that the person she is sitting next to is not packing a concealed pistol .	18	movement.transportperson.n/a
Sen. David Perdue ( R - Ga . ) is a state chairman for Trump and has been an outspoken advocate and active fundraiser for the campaign in the state .	20	contact.requestadvise.meet
The problem for Republicans is the day after the convention , the government released the statistic you cited in your interview with Mrs. Clinton 1.2 percent growth in the second quarter .	20	contact.discussion.correspondence
A steady stream of Republicans have called on their presidential nominee to exit the race after a 2005 recording showed Trump making comments about women that many have characterized as sexual assault .	31	life.injure.n/a
It was just the beginning of a slew of executions .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
But I can assure Livesey that his day of reckoning will come : a long and intense session under oath in penetrating cross - examination over his malicious falsehoods .	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
In 2015 , it was a letter to Maradona that quelled rumors the Cuban leader had passed away .	16	life.die.n/a
He said there were no fatalities and that all legislators were safe at a parliamentary shelter .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The yacht Elfin was on its way from South Korea 's port city of Busan to Vladivostok in Russia 's far east when it was detained 130 km ( 80 miles ) off the coast on Friday , the foreign ministry said .	25	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
In June , SecureWorks disclosed that among those whose email accounts had been targeted were staff members who advised Mrs. Clinton on policy and managed her travel , communications and campaign finances .	18	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Sometimes it has seemed like there was n’t a country in the Middle East that Hillary Clinton did n’t want to invade , intervene or topple .	21	conflict.attack.n/a
How long did the firefight last ?	4	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Ukrainian investigators say they consider any under - the - table payments illegal , and that the ledger also describes disbursements to members of the central election committee , the group that counts votes .	11	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Turkey , a majority of whose population is Muslim , accepts that many Christian Armenians died in clashes with Ottoman soldiers beginning in 1915 , when Armenia was part of the empire ruled from İstanbul , but denies hundreds of thousands were killed and that this amounted to genocide .	48	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
And it 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated .	41	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Great Britain knowingly deceived Poland when Great Britain actually promised military assistance to Poland if Poland were attacked by Germany .	3	contact.prevarication.meet
While they did not match us in Afghanistan , they collectively suffered more than 1,000 fatalities and have stuck with the mission for 15 long , hard years .	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
2/10 Egypt The arrest of thousands , including peaceful critics , in a ruthless crackdown in the name of national security , the prolonged detention of hundreds without charge or trial and the sentencing of hundreds of others to death .	30	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
The $ 80 million T-72B tanks are a significant purchase for the hemisphere ’s second - poorest country , which spent $ 71.6 million total on its military in 2015 , according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , an organization that tracks global military spending .	9	transaction.transferownership.n/a
' We 're not going to start censoring our publications because there is a US election , ' Assange told Der Spiegel in an interview .	24	contact.discussion.n/a
After 20,000 emails stolen from the DNC were published by the website WikiLeaks days ahead of the convention , Trump seemed to invite the Russians to spy on Clinton , and asked the government to release any emails it may have .	26	government.spy.spy
Do we need to hear anything more than how you described Senator John McCain , who spent almost six years as a POW in Hanoi after being shot down behind enemy lines during the Vietnam War ?	27	conflict.attack.n/a
Aleppo has come under heavy aerial bombardment since the end of a ceasefire a week ago .	12	government.agreements.n/a
“ These sinister accusations rest solely on a few unspecified and unsubstantiated associations of members of Huma ’s family , none of which have been shown to harm or threaten the United States in any way , ” the senator said .	27	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Most were dismissed from service on their arrival , arrested and imprisoned , according to a Turkish military official at NATO and two farewell letters sent by departing Turkish officials emailed to colleagues at NATO and seen by Reuters .	2	personnel.endposition.n/a
Russia proposed earlier this week the starting of a cease - fire in early March .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
A pair of Palestinian men boarded a bus in Jerusalem and began shooting and stabbing passengers , while another assailant rammed a car into a bus station before stabbing bystanders , in near - simultaneous attacks that escalated a month long wave of violence AP	14	conflict.attack.n/a
When told he would receive a four - year prison sentence , the 41-year - old cried out : “ I do n’t want to live anymore ! ” before stabbing himself with a pair of scissors .	30	conflict.attack.stabbing
Pence turned in a steady and even - tempered performance — though notably one riddled with false and misleading statements — at the vice - presidential debate .	18	contact.prevarication.broadcast
The office confers an awesome power to elevate the lives of those around a president , or to destroy them .	2	contact.discussion.meet
The nuclear deal permits Iran access to that $ 100 billion after the International Atomic Energy Agency verifies it has implemented nuclear - related measures under the agreement — except under the agreement , they will block access from other actors to cash in on its exclusive economic cooperation with Moscow to construct as many as six reactors .	52	manufacture.artifact.build
" And for more than a week , the Syrian regime repeatedly denied entry to these UN convoys , preventing them from delivering urgent food , water and medical supplies to desperate Syrian citizens . "	12	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
“ Are you supposed to sit there and have happy talk in Geneva under those circumstances when you ’ve signed up to a ceasefire and you do n’t adhere to it ? ” Kerry asked .	23	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
In a subtle dig at Trump , who has promised to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico and make the Mexicans pay for it , the German foreign minister added : " So if you ask me : building walls is a very bad idea - no matter who pays for them . "	41	manufacture.artifact.build
Prosecution may arise if a charity ’s records are false and materially misleading .	12	contact.prevarication.broadcast
With the help of U.S. airstrikes , the militias were able to claim those cities from ISIS and end the jihadist group ’s land grab across Iraq .	23	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
What you need to know about the Russian ultras Euro 2016 The Russian hooligans , or ultras , have a fearsome reputation and have threatened to launch vicious assaults on England fans .	28	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Related : After 40-year ban , U.S. starts exporting oil	8	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Story highlights Two officials may have been slipped a date - rape drug , according to a report	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Qatar , a member of the Opec oil cartel , relies on the Strait of Hormuz waterway , says the Daily Telegraph , and as that passes through both Iranian and UAE waters , regional shipments could be disrupted , which would have consequences for global oil supply .	35	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
“ We support maintaining and , if warranted , increasing sanctions , together with our allies , against Russia unless and until Ukraine ’s sovereignty and territorial integrity are fully restored , ” the platform states .	10	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Paying the loan back early has meant Hungary have saved € 11.7 million worth of interest expenses , but Gordan Bajnai , leader of the electoral alliance E14-PM , claimed that they had actually lost € 44.86 million by March 2014 because of the early repayment as all they did was replace the loan from the International Mafia Federation ( another nickname , we ’re still talking about the IMF here ) with a more expensive one , labelling the stunt as Propaganda .	2	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Trump says , " We have to investigate Hillary Clinton and we have to investigate the investigation . "	7	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
More than a quarter of a million people were hemmed into the battered remains of streets by the guns of Assad ’s conscripts , elite Iranian troops and a spectrum of Shia militias , patrolled from above by Russian planes .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Mr. Snowden ’s defenders do n’t deny that he broke the law — not to mention oaths and contractual obligations — when he copied and kept 1.5 million classified documents .	16	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Last month , Nato joined regional patrols to combat human and weapons smuggling across the sea .	12	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
On Monday , the US strike group with the Harry S. Truman carrier along with the guided missile cruiser USS Anzio and the destroyer USS Gonzalez , launched 68 combat sorties and delivered 52 precision guided munitions against IS targets in Iraq and Syria from the Mediterranean Sea .	29	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The ministry 's spokesman , Maj . Gen. Igor Konashenkov , said Friday 's strike on a funeral procession in the town of Daquq has " all the signs of a war crime . "	17	contact.funeralvigil.meet
I was 11 years old when my family first immigrated to Belgium [ after Hitler annexed Austria in 1938].	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Hide Caption 25 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city Iraqi troops watch a broadcast of Donald Trump 's acceptance speech in a house in Arbid , on the outskirts of Mosul , on Wednesday , November 9 .	22	contact.mediastatement.n/a
It appears the initial blast cleared the way for Taliban fighters to enter the area — a commonly used tactic .	4	conflict.attack.bombing
A coalition of Italian consumer groups , with backing from the American Service Employees International Union , said Tuesday that it has filed an antitrust complaint with the European Commission against McDonald 's ( MCD ) , alleging that the hamburger giant has used its dominant position in the market to gouge consumers and its franchisees .	51	conflict.attack.n/a
The Brussels strikes came only a few days after the Belgian police captured Salah Abdeslam , the only suspect in the Paris assaults believed to have survived , who is considered a potential trove of information .	2	life.injure.n/a
One of the world ’s largest marketing companies , iIt has previously said that Papa Massata Diack was not employed as a consultant by Dentsu and that his contract was with the IAAF .	19	personnel.startposition.hiring
“ Thus far Trump can only verbally abuse his opponents at rallies , whereas Putin ’s opponents are assassinated , ” Snyder wrote .	18	life.die.n/a
Triple homicide there .	1	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Those same sanctions later offered the U.S. and its partners key leverage in negotiating last year ’s Iran nuclear deal , the terms of which cut off the possibility of Iran developing a nuclear weapon using plutonium for at least 15 years .	2	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
It has also threatened to send in ground forces .	3	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Substantively , Rubio 's position — keep up the US embargo on commerce with and travel to Cuba until they democratize — is a proven failure .	10	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The U.S. military has suffered 2,384 fatalities in the war , though the yearly count has fallen dramatically , from a high of 499 in 2010 to six so far this year , according to iCasualties.org .	6	life.die.n/a
We need to honor our treaty obligations .	5	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Just as Trump talks ominously about Mexican “ rapists ” and tens of thousands of “ illegal immigrants ... roaming free ” in the land , Putin won early popularity by vowing to dispense with terrorists from the Caucasus : “ We will ice them in their shithouses . ” Trump is , after all , a kind of parody of Putin : the bluster , the palaces .	19	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
On ISIS , Sanders insisted that “ the combat on the ground must be done by Muslim troops with our support .	8	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In 1999 , I became the only sitting governor to publicly advocate the legalization of marijuana .	11	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
US President Barack Obama called the blasts " outrageous attacks against innocent people " .	6	conflict.attack.bombing
The agreement also requires unprecedented inspections and monitoring covering all aspects of Iran ’s nuclear program , from uranium mining to research facilities .	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Clinton was secretary of state for President Obama ’s entire first term , and her most significant accomplishment is helping negotiate the end of a week - long skirmish between Israel and Hamas ?	20	contact.negotiate.n/a
No one has claimed responsibility for the attack , and it is unclear whether an airstrike hit the convoy or whether it was shelled .	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
A number of Russia supporters appeared to kick and punch fleeing England fans , who were forced to clamber over fencing to escape .	7	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
More than 10 million Syrians are displaced , and the refugees are drowning in the Mediterranean or undermining the political stability of Greece , Turkey , and the European Union .	12	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Patients have to wait for others to die so they can be moved to an available bed in intensive care , ' Abu Waseem , manager of an MSF - supported trauma hospital in east Aleppo , warned in the statement .	7	life.die.n/a
“ I want to reassure our allies in Japan and South Korea and elsewhere that we have mutual defense treaties and we will honor them . ”	19	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Of course , when ISIS later grew into a genocidal monster , Obama tried to claim that his withdrawal from Iraq had been forced upon him by a December 2008 deal in which President Bush and Iraqi president Maliki signed a “ status - of - forces ” agreement stipulating that all U.S. troops must leave Iraq by December 2011.46	48	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
He announces his enmity to America by word and action every day .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
While avowed white nationalists have always had a place in the conservative movement -- most recently , Republican Rep. Steve King of Iowa proudly detailed his white supremacist views to a cable TV audience -- Trump has thrown such forces into the mainstream .	37	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Pentagon spokesman Commander Bill Urban said in an email that a joint working group would " review all aspects regarding the potential of deployment of a THAAD system to South Korea . "	8	contact.collaborate.n/a
To wit , the February 2014 coup in Kiev against Ukraine ’s constitutionally elected government was organized , funded and catalyzed by the Washington / NATO apparatus .	18	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Last month , in a hearing about a Judicial Watch lawsuit , U.S. District Judge Sullivan cited that email as part of the reason he ordered the State Department produce records related to its initial failures in the FOIA searches for Clinton ’s records .	29	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Can Pence be a party to the election of a president who has had kind word for current - day dictators like North Korea 's Kim Jong - un and retweets the words of Italian fascist dictator Benito Mussolini , whose actions promoted the crimes that gave rise to the treaty that formed NATO in the first place — a treaty which Trump would violate so casually today ?	60	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
And now Donald Trump is among her list of people she ’s protested against .	12	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
" The threat to Americans from terrorism is less than the threat to die in car accidents "	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
And one of the most notable parts of Clinton ’s approach to foreign policy that has gotten relatively little attention is that one of the few areas where she has been openly critical of President Obama has been by complaining that he ’s been insufficiently militaristic or belligerent or aggressive in a number of areas , in particular , in Syria , where she criticized him in her book and then also in various interviews for not doing enough in Syria to stop the Syrian dictator , Assad , from brutalizing the Syrian people .	90	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Branding himself a democratic socialist , Sanders galvanized young and liberal voters with his calls to rein in Wall Street and eradicate income inequality .	21	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
25/74 Iraq crisis A vehicle burns in front of a home of a follower of Shiite cleric Mahmoud al - Sarkhi after clashes with his followers in the Shiite holy city of Karbala , 50 miles ( 80 kilometers ) south of Baghdad	22	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Almost five decades ago , in a desperate attempt to use tanks against the invading Chinese army , the Indian Mechanized Division had airdropped five tanks in Ladhak , which has witnessed frequent incursion attempts by the Chinese People ’s Liberation Army ( PLA ) in recent years .	14	conflict.attack.n/a
A man cries over the body of his child after she was pulled out from the rubble of a building following airstrikes in the rebel - held neighborhood of Al - Shaar in Aleppo , Syria , September 27 , 2016 .	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Nevertheless , the Swedish police disregarded eyewitness reports from the very same evening of the murder of Palme which identified a U.S. agent at the time working for Pinochet ’s infamous DINA – the secret security agency set up to assassinate opposition leaders abroad .	40	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ The reason we ’re not in eastern Aleppo has again been a combination of very difficult and detailed discussions around security monitoring and passage of roadblocks , which is both opposition and government , ” he said .	26	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Sundeyeva immigrated to San Francisco from Moldova in 1994 , and now she and her husband run a Russian - language newspaper here called Kstati .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
But German police say that after questioning and examination it was clear that Lisa F was not abducted and not raped .	20	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The yacht Elfin was on its way from South Korea 's port city of Busan to Vladivostok in Russia 's far east when it was detained 130 km ( 80 miles ) off the coast on Friday , the foreign ministry said .	25	movement.transportperson.n/a
And on Sunday the truce seemed to start to fall apart amid an airstrike on rebel - held neighborhoods of Aleppo .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
opened an investigation , putting Mr. Mateen on a terrorist watchlist for nearly a year .	2	justice.investigate.n/a
You know , it ’s the same thing we went through , quite frankly , in the movement to abolish the death penalty .	21	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
He used undocumented labor to build Trump Tower . ” She would later hit Trump for building a hotel , “ here in Las Vegas , ” with Chinese steel .	16	manufacture.artifact.build
Cavusoglu told broadcaster CNN Turk that some prosecutors with links to Gulen had fled to Germany and he urged Berlin to extradite them .	21	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
It is under - inclusive because it does not address potential terrorists who have U.S. passports or residence permits , or are already here , or may threaten us abroad ; it is over - inclusive because it bars the huge majority of Muslims who are not potential terrorists .	27	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Interest payments , overwhelmingly , are a transfer of money from the poor to the rich .	1	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Obama issued his “ red line ” warning to Assad in 2012 , which was widely seen as a pledge that the U.S. would be ready to launch airstrikes targeting the Syrian government .	28	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
For now , it remains unclear whether the premeditated meat assault against the vegan cafe was merely a prank against an alternative culture hangout that turned violent .	10	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
I think we 're so politically correct in our country that people are sick and tired of it .	13	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Clothes and weapons beloging to soldiers involved in the coup attempt lie on the ground abandoned on Bosphorus Bridge .	9	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In their absence , the President 's National Security Advisor convened an emergency meeting at the White House Situation Room .	10	contact.discussion.n/a
Trump ally Matt Drudge seems obsessed with Clinton 's medical condition these days , and others in the conservative media have made wild diagnoses ranging from Parkinson 's disease to radiation poisoning .	31	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
Image copyright AP Image caption The Arak facility will be reconfigured to make it incapable of producing material for a nuclear weapon	16	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
" One was by passing and championing this landmark three strikes legislation , which actually incarcerated more Black people than any other time in history , right , " she continued .	15	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
At least 23 civilians were killed in renewed government airstrikes on the contested city of Aleppo , Syrian activists said Sunday , as the United Nations Security Council convened an emergency meeting on the spiraling violence in Syria .	28	contact.discussion.meet
Islamic State , meanwhile , keeps up its deadly combination of threats and payments for anyone wavering in their support .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The Russian Foreign Ministry statement issued Wednesday says Moscow believes the Syrian crisis can be resolved only on the basis of international law through dialogue involving all ethnic groups , including the Kurds .	24	contact.discussion.meet
8/20 Dog - sized horned dinosaur fossil found shows east - west evolutionary divide in North America A British scientist has uncovered the fossil of a dog - sized horned dinosaur that roamed eastern North America up to 100 million years ago .	32	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
That year , the developers notified condo buyers their $ 32 million in deposits had been spent , no bank financing could be obtained , and they were walking away from the project .	23	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
But he also said he would confer with US generals on his ISIS plan , although he criticized Pentagon brass , alleging generals have not stood up to Obama .	6	contact.discussion.correspondence
Businesses , including Apple and Marriott , condemned the law , and some states and localities signed orders boycotting Indiana .	18	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Immediately after Obama spoke in Paris , pledging that the United States would be in the vanguard seeking global action , the Republican - dominated Congress voted to scuttle his recent Environmental Protection Agency rules to cut carbon emissions .	7	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
" We have three conditions : Apology , compensation and lifting of the embargo on the Gaza Strip .	13	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The 525 bear paws were discovered in an anti - smuggling operation by Russian customs and secret services .	10	movement.transportperson.n/a
Thai police charge 22 with wildlife trafficking from tiger temple Read more	6	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Hide Caption 77 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city Peshmerga fighters look over a village during an assault near Bashiqa on Thursday , October 20 .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
“ A mother spanked her son for watching porn ... but his teachers in school noticed bruises , complained , and the court made the mother pay a 8,000-ruble ( $ 120 ) fine ... Parents no longer have the right to choose methods of up - bringing , ” a statement on their website says .	16	life.injure.n/a
Former CIA Director Mike Morell wrote in The New York Times that Putin “ recruited Mr. Trump as an unwitting agent of the Russian Federation ” with flattery .	14	personnel.startposition.hiring
Dole was inflamed by an advertisement the Bush campaign was running accusing him of " straddling on taxes . "	11	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
brother , passed away today due to injuries from that Russian airstrike .	2	life.die.n/a
49/74 Iraq crisis Iraqi civilians inspect the damage at a market after an air strike by the Iraqi army in central Mosul EPA	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
The “ nuclear option ” would be an embargo on Russian energy exports .	8	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Take a look at scenes from the Aug. 21 protest in the gallery above .	9	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
She dropped her notes and said he could read those if he wanted to talk , and walked out .	17	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
") , before you retweet a bogus meme claiming 81 percent of white homicide victims were killed by blacks ( the real number is 15 percent ) , before you mimic people with neurological disorders , and before you suggest that gun enthusiasts might take a shot at your opponent .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
They remember the tough line she took in seeking to negotiate a political transition in Syria ; her efforts — though failed — to get Russia to support even modest U.N. Security Council resolutions regarding this humanitarian tragedy ; and her early advocacy for arming Syria opponents of Bashar al - Assad , Moscow ’s ally .	10	contact.discussion.meet
After the leader of separatists in the Luhansk region , Igor Plotnitsky , was injured in an apparent assassination attempt on August 6 , separatists were ordered to be on full combat readiness .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump also sold a mansion in Palm Beach in 2008 for $ 95 million to Russian oligarch Dmitry Rybolovlev ; he had purchased the home at a bankruptcy auction four years earlier for $ 41.4 million .	28	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Hillary 's doctor claims that Clinton 's behavior on September 11 was due to " dehydration " , the excuse used every time Clinton has a " medical episode " .	15	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
[ A guide to Hillary Clinton 's many ' illnesses , ' as diagnosed in the conservative media ]	9	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Investigators had initially estimated she was three or four years old . She is suspected of butchering the girl , who had suffered from learning disabilities and epilepsy , at the family 's apartment in northwestern Moscow , before torching it and fleeing the scene . Witnesses reported seeing an agitated woman dressed in black who threatened to " blow everyone up " with one media report saying she shouted " Allahu Akbar " — Arabic for " God is greatest " — as she paced up and down outside a metro station . The shocking incident has shaken usually hard - bitten Muscovites and people have flocked to the Oktyabrskoe Pole metro station to lay flowers and pray . Russia 's national television channels have , however , refused to cover the killing in a controversial move that the Kremlin defended as the subject was " probably too monstrous to be shown on television" . Many have questioned the professionalism of police after Bobokulova was allowed to pace up and down outside the metro station with the head for about 20 minutes . A spokeswoman for the Office of the General Prosecutor said a probe would be launched into the matter . The mass - circulation Moskovsky Komsomolets , citing Uzbek police , said the woman had suffered from schizophrenia for about 15 years . Komsomolskaya Pravda , citing a close family friend , said the live - in nanny had recently become very religious , spent a lot of time online and had brought home a prayer mat .	56	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
The Democrats had hired breach mitigation firm CrowdStrike to investigate and clean up its networks .	3	personnel.startposition.hiring
Raw : Protest in Turkey After Airport Attack	2	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
The nature of the overflight as a “ simulated attack ” may violate a 1973 treaty between the U.S. and Russia that specifically prohibits this type of maneuver , the defense official said .	15	government.agreements.n/a
Russia requested his extradition on terrorism - related charges but the European Court for Human Rights ordered Ukraine not to hand him over to Russia with Amnesty International also urging Ukrainian authorities to halt extradition as Chataev “ could face an unfair trial and would be at risk of torture and other ill - treatment . ”	3	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
What if the FBI recommends indicting Hillary over the email scandal -- my law enforcement sources tell me this is a very real possibility .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
It appears Richard M. Lobo ’s wife , Caren Lobo , donated $ 716,000 to DNC .	11	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Perjury is set forth in Title 18 of the U.S. Code , section 1621 : “ Whoever having taken an oath before a competent tribunal , officer , or person , in any case in which a law of the United States authorizes an oath to be administered , that he will testify , declare , depose , or certify truly , or that any written testimony , declaration , deposition , or certificate by him subscribed , is true , willfully and contrary to such oath states or subscribes any material matter which he does not believe to be true … is guilty of perjury . ” Punishment for perjury calls for a fine and/or up to five years’ imprisonment .	44	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Bundles of up to fifty pounds typically arrive “ in a dizzying array of crappy suitcases ” smuggled across borders , Wiley told me , while large loads demand more intricate planning .	17	movement.transportperson.n/a
" We discussed how to get back to a real and comprehensive ceasefire and how to restore unfettered access for OSCE monitors and how to accelerate the process of a negotiated – of negotiating the election modalities for Donbas , which are all critical next steps in this journey , " Kerry added .	30	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Engelmayer said the SEC “ has developed compelling evidence that Kapur possesses and has access to significant assets ” and ordered that he be “ incarcerated until he purges the contempt . ” Kapur is locked up in a federal detention center in Brooklyn .	25	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He will also reportedly discuss the matter when he travels to Russia next week to meet with President Vladimir Putin .	15	contact.discussion.meet
My over 200 articles in The Huffington Post , The Hill , and Salon advocating Bernie Sanders have been up - voted thousands of times on Reddit , although my recent Reddit AMA was overrun by Correct the Record trolls .	14	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
It denounces the Boycott , Divestment , and Sanctions movement as anti - Semitic and calls for legislation to prevent the boycotting of Israel or “ the Israeli - controlled territories . ”	3	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
" I reiterated that the United States will continue to fly , sail and operate wherever international law allows , and we will support the right of all countries to do the same . "	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Mr. Trump , in a written statement meant to respond directly to the president ’s remarks , called Mrs. Clinton “ unfit to serve in any government office . ” He also accused Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton of allowing Americans to be slaughtered in Benghazi , Libya ; letting veterans die waiting for medical care ; and releasing immigrants into the United States to kill innocent people .	43	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But there has been no evidence produced so far that she shared debate and town hall questions with Sanders .	6	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Two people familiar with Saudi plans told the Financial Times that high - ranking Gulf officials are in Riyadh meeting Turkish officials to discuss options for deploying ground troops to head a coalition of fighters inside Syria .	23	contact.discussion.meet
That incident ranked alongside Iranian - backed suicide bombings against Western embassies and troops in Lebanon , the hijacking of planes and the kidnapping of Western hostages in the country .	18	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Will Stewart 9 Venison from this region is exported to Britain and other EU countries	8	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Mrs Clinton - who is accused of being a war hawk by liberal critics - added : " We used to be much better at this than we are now .	9	conflict.attack.n/a
THE BATTLE OF MARSEILLE : ENGLAND FANS CLASH AT FRANCE ' 98 The sight of drunken England fans scuffling , brawling and posturing in front of lines of French police is a reminder of a hooligan culture the FA hoped had been stamped out .	1	conflict.attack.n/a
Daniel McGahn : --to the government of Massachusetts funded by the federal government of the United States of America .	8	transaction.transferownership.n/a
As shown above , Hillary Clinton was warned by the State Department that hackers are trying to : compromise user accounts and thereby gain access to policy documents and personal information that could enable technical surveillance and possibly blackmail .	35	government.spy.spy
Those who think yes should stand strongly by Hillary Clinton ’s side , whose cybersecurity platform includes negotiating with the Chinese so they will no longer launch cyberattacks against us .	17	contact.negotiate.correspondence
These new revelations could provide further justification for the FBI to recommend indicting Clinton for violating the Espionage Act , which forbids the mishandling of national defense information through “ gross negligence . ” These revelations also add to a growing scandal for Clinton regarding her exposure of protected intelligence information , which recalls the Valerie Plame scandal that engulfed the George W. Bush administration .	11	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Why are the Jews fleeing from Europe ? "	4	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
In at least one case , an interrogator begged a detainee to admit to a crime so that he could stop hurting him .	21	life.injure.n/a
Rom and his sister , Ziva , were given up for adoption in the Uzbeki city of Samarkand by their parents , Karol and Ethel , who were starving and opted to part with their two older children in the hope of saving their baby brother , Uzi . Karol died of starvation and disease in Samarkand .	52	life.injure.n/a
All that said , there is still nothing official on the record confirming who might be responsible for the attack .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Russian Defense Ministry spokesman General Igor Konashenkov said on Thursday that Brussels ’ obstinate denial of involvement shows that Belgian Defense Minister Steven Vandeput is either “ deliberately deceiving people in Belgium and around the world , or his subordinates and the Americans are lying to the leadership of Belgium . ”	28	contact.prevarication.n/a
President Obama , Vice President Biden , former Vice President Al Gore Al GorePence calls hiring of counsel ' routine ' CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats OPINION : Do n't repeat the mistakes of Clinton and 1998 with Trump MORE and Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth WarrenDems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Overnight Regulation : Trump focus turns to scrapping regs | FTC moves to block fantasy sports merger | Pelosi wants net neutrality hearing in San Francisco MORE ( D - Mass .	30	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
" And for more than a week , the Syrian regime repeatedly denied entry to these UN convoys , preventing them from delivering urgent food , water and medical supplies to desperate Syrian citizens . "	12	movement.transportperson.prevententry
In an interview aired on Israel ’s Channel 2 on Saturday , Netanyahu was asked if Obama had promised him that he would not seek to establish a state of Palestine without Israel ’s cooperation before the end of his term in January .	18	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Poland says it will start recruiting in September for a new 35,000-strong paramilitary defence force because of tensions with Russia .	5	personnel.startposition.n/a
Americans seeking refuge from the wrath of a billionaire real estate could also choose to migrate to Dominica in the Caribbean where citizenship can be obtained for the low price of $ 100,000 .	15	movement.transportperson.n/a
When American social - science faculties hire only left - wing professors , their research deserves to be taken less seriously .	6	personnel.startposition.hiring
The Kremlin has called on the US Treasury to come up with proof after it told a BBC investigation it considered President Vladimir Putin to be corrupt .	18	justice.investigate.n/a
There will be many issues to explore at the three presidential debates .	11	contact.discussion.meet
Israel in the midst of a wave of Palestinian stabbing , car - ramming , and shooting attacks that has killed 29 Israelis and 3 foreign nationals since October of last year .	9	conflict.attack.stabbing
He says Clinton looks sick .	4	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
He is responsible for more unnecessary deaths than any official of a putative Western democracy since the days when Lord John Russell was starving the Irish , if not the days when President Andy Jackson was inaugurating the genocide of the Cherokee .	23	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Someone who believes people have rights and loan them in limited ways to governments for limited purposes .	7	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
A memorial to the Armenian genocide in Yerevan , Armenia .	5	life.die.n/a
Her professed naivete collides with a set of now - disclosed 2011 emails .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
On that road are emails revealing the names of secret undercover intelligence assets , the locations of North Korean nuclear facilities , the transcripts of telephone conversations among foreign intelligence agents , and the travel plans of then - U.S.	25	contact.collaborate.n/a
A senior administration official said all involved agencies moved exceptionally quickly to investigate the hacks and assign attribution to Russia , even though some lawmakers have complained the process was too slow .	12	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
They loaded a Volkswagen with explosives and secreted remote - detonated bombs … They burned tires and dug large tunnels in houses … The arsenal ultimately failed to protect the militants .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
In Pew Research Center polling , the percentage of Israeli Arabs who say a peaceful , two - state solution is possible has dropped by 24 points in just two years , from 74 % in 2013 to 50 % in the latest survey , which was conducted in late 2014 and early 2015 ( i.e. , even before the wave of stabbings and other violence in Israel and the West Bank in late 2015 ) .	62	conflict.attack.n/a
Those “ tribal divisions and personal feuds ” spiraled into a civil war pitting the forces led by Kiir — a member of the country ’s largest tribe , the Dinka — against those loyal to Riek Machar , the vice president he had sacked earlier in 2013 and an ethnic Nuer — the second - largest tribe in the country .	44	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Jane O'Brien says Manafort quit because of falling support for Trump	16	personnel.endposition.n/a
The pervert was jailed for 22 years in 2012 after being convicted of befriending vulnerable teenage girls , plying them with alcohol and raping them .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
In April 2012 , Clinton indeed advocated for the " overthrow " of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad , according to a State Department document released by Wikileaks as part of her email archive .	6	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
India is negotiating with U.S. Export - Import Bank for an $ 8 - 9 billion loan to finance six Westinghouse Electric nuclear reactors , two sources familiar with the talks said , although a lending freeze at the trade agency threatens progress .	7	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
“ The regime will continue to use its submit or starve policy because it ’s working , ” Bissan Fakih of the Syria Campaign , a group pushing for a no - fly zone over Syria , declared on Facebook , “ with a big happy stamp of approval by the United Nations ” and global powers .	10	life.injure.n/a
“ Any faction that attacks us , regardless from where it gets its support , we will fight it , ” Maj . Fares Bayoush , a leader of Fursan al Haq , said in an interview .	36	contact.discussion.meet
Mr , Untermeyer volunteered to give President Wilson 's former sweetheart the $ 40,000.00 out of his own pocket on one condition : that Wilson promise Untermeyer to appoint to the first vacancy on the United States Supreme Court a nominee to be recommended to Wilson by Untermeyer .	28	personnel.startposition.n/a
In modern terms , Lincoln was a bit of an “ income tax supporting ” “ elitist ” “ social justice warrior ” who can be contrasted with his contemporary War Democrats and Southern Unionists like Andrew Johnson and more Conservative or more Radical Republicans ( Lincoln was a moderate ) .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
And maybe the Clinton camp will be able to construct some future attack ads that will reveal this .	9	manufacture.artifact.n/a
If the truce is abandoned , it would most likely wreck the last hope of any breakthrough on Syria before the administration of President Barack Obama leaves office in January .	10	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
1/9 Mr Trump denying claims from a number of women that he sexually assaulted them “ This is all fiction , all fictionalised , probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Those human rights restrictions include “ freedom of religion … trafficking in persons … legal , institutional , and cultural discrimination against women limited their participation in society . ”	10	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
In fact , if Guccifer is to be believed — as his extradition by the U.S. indicates — news of the Kremlin having obtained potentially top - secret material may be the tip of a gargantuan iceberg .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Germany 's New Year 's Eve sex attacks	7	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Now we are not subject to setting conditions and blackmailing .	9	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Even during the period in 2014 when isis was executing its American captives in Syria , his emotions were in check .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Although forensics experts could perhaps track the attack to Russian - speaking individuals or Russian - based servers , there would need to be direct evidence of their ties to government to be certain , and such evidence would be hard to obtain .	42	transaction.transferownership.n/a
While the media is screaming bloody murder about vulgar things Trump said eleven years ago , they have decided to ignore the incredible lengths taken by Hillary to attack and belittle dozens of women who were groped and assaulted by her husband .	38	life.injure.n/a
But federal law requires using or threatening to use physical force to meet that definition .	6	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Nothing in Trump 's career suggests he is in any way prepared to do the job , and nothing he did in even the better moments of the second presidential debate suggested the existence of hidden depths of relevant knowledge and competence .	30	contact.discussion.n/a
At least 2,839 military officers were detained , a source in the President 's office said .	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
* As Trump ’s debt load has grown , he has become increasingly reliant on no - questions - asked loans from sleazy characters close to Putin .	20	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
As Marxists , socialist leaders still preached " revolution , " but more as a metaphor for fundamental change through winning elections and passing laws .	6	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Following the dissolution of the USSR , the US proclaimed itself the only super - power and announced that it would tolerate no regional , much less global , challenge to its hegemony .	9	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The evidence in the leaks was so clear that Debbie Wasserman Schultz has resigned her role as DNC chair — after her speaking role at the Democratic National Convention this week was scrapped — while DNC co - chair Donna Brazile , who is replacing Wasserman Schultz in the top role , has apologized to the Sanders camp .	13	personnel.endposition.n/a
The letter comes a day after 15 retired generals and admirals released a video endorsing Clinton , part of a broader push by the Clinton campaign to make inroads among conservative voters turned off by Trump .	7	personnel.endposition.quitretire
“ They support people like me abroad , and jail us here , ” Dmitry Demishkin , a veteran skinhead and head of the nationalist Russkiye ( Russians ) party that has repeatedly been denied registration , said in July just days before he was sentenced to 15 days in jail for posting a swastika on his social networking page .	50	movement.transportperson.preventexit
In July , an Mi-25 attack chopper was shot down near Palmyra , killing two Russian pilots .	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
But many Democrats and foreign service officers believe the military has encroached on traditional diplomatic roles over the past decade , and they might object to putting a general in the job .	11	conflict.attack.n/a
Even if Comey is a sacrificial lamb here , there are high - ranking spies who are perfectly willing to leak the sordid details of EmailGate to the media if the president pulls a Dick Nixon and tries to subvert our Constitution to protect himself and his designated successor .	14	government.spy.spy
Trump went on to say he has no outstanding loans with Russian banks or Russian investors .	9	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Given the president ’s track record , additional charges are likely to be brought against other MPs and parties , thereby emasculating the parliamentary opposition to Erdoğan and destroying what remains of Turkey ’s system of democratic checks and balances .	8	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Drug dealers and users are surrendering to the police by the hundreds of thousands , hoping to avoid death at the hands of gun - toting vigilantes left to roam free by the cops .	29	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Under the new approval granted by prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and defence minister Avigdor Lieberman , planning for 560 new Jewish homes in the large Maale Adumim settlement east of Jerusalem will be allowed to move forward .	4	transaction.transaction.n/a
Consideration of other alternatives , including the shipment of arms to U.S.-allied Kurdish forces in Syria , and an increase in the quantity and quality of weapons supplied to opposition fighters in Aleppo and elsewhere , were deferred until later , officials said .	7	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The second reason they have kept this crash quiet is because people could n’t know how severe Clinton ’s brain injury really was .	7	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
LePage also said he is n’t going to resign and , when asked if he is emotionally stable enough to govern , if he has “ a grip , ” said he does .	8	personnel.endposition.quitretire
proposes banning an entire religion from our country ...	0	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
While the scenario of President Clinton serving probation currently appears far - fetched , it can not be ruled out as a possibility , and Clinton ’s attorney David Kendall recently negotiated a deal featuring probation for another high - profile official .	31	contact.discussion.n/a
Colvin was accustomed to covering violent uprisings , and she lent her insight as a first - hand witness to ousted Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak 's crackdown on opposition protesters to CBS News in an interview almost exactly one year ago ( click for video ) .	5	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The ceasefire has so far lasted five days .	1	government.agreements.violateagreement
Politifact Claim : “ So there ’s evidence showing that one man involved with Uranium One ( Telfer ) donated millions to the Clinton Foundation at the same time as the deal .	19	transaction.transferownership.n/a
New Hampshire ’s Kelly Ayotte and Wisconsin ’s Ron Johnson publicly came out in favor of obstruction yesterday .	16	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other U.S. personnel were slain by attackers in Benghazi on Sept. 11 , 2012 .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
David Bowie possessions up for auction	5	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Ignoring the facts , Black Lives Matter promoted the lie , invented by Brown ’s robbery accomplice , that Brown had his hands up and was attempting to surrender when he was shot .	15	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
“ In addition , Turkish artillery bombarded the towns of Maraanaz , al - Malikiyah , Minagh , Ain Dakna and Bazi Bagh , which are home to the civilian population , ” the complaint addressed to the UN Secretary General and the UN Security Council said .	6	conflict.attack.n/a
Turkey and Armenia have a century - long conflict due to the events of 1915 , which are highly disputed in both nations .	8	conflict.attack.n/a
In November of 2015 , terrorists went on a shooting rampage in Paris that slaughtered 130 people , and wounded another 368 .	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Michigan man faces jail over 10,000 recycled bottles	3	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Even Republicans were sickened , as most of America was , at the sight and sound of Donald Trump Donald TrumpLewandowski near ' high six - figure book deal ' : report GOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Overnight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data MORE verbally demeaning women , by describing what he likes to do to them physically , and bragging that because he is a “ star , they just let you do it . ”	35	conflict.attack.n/a
The goal of Anakonda-16 is to " train , exercise and integrate the Polish national command and force structures into an allied , joint multi - national environment , " the US Army Europe said .	15	contact.commandorder.n/a
Also , whether these individuals gained such access as a result of donating to the Clinton Foundation .	12	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Eastern Aleppo , which was captured by rebel groups in cooperation with Al - Qaida forces now referring to themselves as Jabhat Fateh Al - Sham , is one of the key flashpoints in the Syrian conflict .	5	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
As Marxists , socialist leaders still preached " revolution , " but more as a metaphor for fundamental change through winning elections and passing laws .	20	personnel.elect.winelection
The largest of these , $ 145 million and it involved Mrs. Clinton allowing a Canadian to buy shares in a uranium mine in Utah which he promptly turned around and sold to the Russians who could never have bought it on their own . ”	17	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The big problem here is that if Etropolsky ever decides to stop paying for Apple Music , he will lose access to the Portishead albums altogether , because the files Apple has provided to him in lieu of his originals — the ones he bought on CD years ago and ripped onto his hard drive — will disappear as soon as he ceases to be an Apple Music subscriber .	44	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The organisation of the referendum was “ nothing more than overconfidence and a superficial approach to solving fateful decisions for one ’s country , and Europe as a whole , on the part of the British leadership , ” Putin said , in comments broadcast on Russian state television .	44	contact.mediastatement.n/a
But she defended the initial decision not to disclose her illness until after she appeared to collapse as she left a 9/11 memorial service in New York .	10	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
The transactions , however , include apparently fake share deals , with shares “ traded ” retrospectively ; multimillion - dollar charges for vague “ consultancy ” services ; and repeated payments of large sums in “ compensation ” for allegedly cancelled share deals .	31	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Assange told Hannity , ' I do n’t want to promise anything because you have to see how the formatting goes .	10	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
However , as Putin was delivering his speech in St. Petersburg , the EU extended some of those sanctions for another year , including measures targeting imports from Crimea .	26	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
How has he personally been affected by illegal immigration ?	8	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Kerry said at a news conference in Washington that he agreed with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov to intensify work on a mechanism to ensure any strikes in Syria solely target Islamic State or Nusra Front .	26	conflict.attack.bombing
The language could cause problems for Saudi Arabia if the country is found to have links to 9/11 , when hijacked planes crashed into the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon outside of Washington .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
Trump supporter Sen. Jeff Sessions suggested that the Democratic presidential candidate used her high position to " extort " from international governments for her family 's foundation .	5	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Previously , the same court said a large proportion of prisoners in Pakistan suffer from mental illness and that authorities “ can not let everyone go ” .	16	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
attacks are okay or even desired ( so as to terrorize the population into surrender ) – not an ‘ issue ’ , except , perhaps , for the PR people . ”	14	conflict.yield.surrender
These birds were dying of starvation with their stomachs bulging full . "	5	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The organization ’s founder , Julian Assange , was scheduled to make the mysterious announcement from the balcony of the Ecuadorian embassy in London , where he is currently holed up to avoid extradition over rape allegations .	33	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
For instance , discussion of Bill Clinton ’s role in post-2010 Haiti earthquake completely ignores that George W. Bush also helped raise cash in the wake of the disaster , nor does it acknowledge that one character , the founder of Canadian TD Bank ’s sister corporation , TD Ameritrade , also funded Republican Gov.	52	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Despite his forces being part of the truce , President Assad vowed to take back the country from " terrorists " - a term used to describe all opposition groups .	11	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Ban Ki - moon , the UN secretary general , has said a woman should lead the United Nations for the first time since it was established more than 70 years ago .	26	government.formation.startgpe
The political Establishment may be battered and demoralized , deferential to the algorithms of the web and to the monosyllables of a gifted demagogue , but this is not the time to give up on America ’s near - unique and stabilizing blend of democracy and elite responsibility .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
We can not make the chief law enforcement officer of the United States someone who has risked America ’s secrets and lied about this to Congress and the American people .	21	contact.prevarication.n/a
These would be constructed from a ' core ' that use three engines each capable of producing thrust of around 25,000 lbs of force .	3	manufacture.artifact.build
The flooding there will probably damage power cables , sewer lines and other electronics and hardware , he said .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
It is the primary combat platform on Vikramaditya , which was acquired from Russia when it was known as the Admiral Gorshkov .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Whore of Babylon shreds Constitution , exposed as ultimate backer of massive U.S. land grab	13	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
And a peace offensive basically consists of a weapons embargo , because they 're mostly coming from the U.S. We can begin this weapons embargo , and we can also impound the funding that is the bank account of the countries that are funding terrorism .	24	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Russia is accusing three Turkish foundations of supplying weapons and military equipment to Islamic State extremists in Syria and says $ 1.9 million worth of explosives and industrial chemicals were smuggled across Turkey 's border to extremist groups .	30	movement.transportartifact.n/a
As secretary of State , she led the charge to persuade nations around the world to impose the tough sanctions on Iran that led to the landmark nuclear agreement , and she negotiated a cease - fire between Israel and Hamas .	32	contact.negotiate.n/a
The most dangerous such function is that of borrowing short - term in order to invest in longer - term financial instruments , all while hoping that you will be able to " roll over " — renew or refinance — your short - term loans over the durations of those longer - term investments .	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
According to the Global Terrorism Index , fatalities caused by terrorism increased from 3,361 in 2000 , to 11,133 in 2012 , to 18,111 in 2013 , to 32,658 in 2014 .	7	life.die.n/a
-- “ On historic trip to Laos , Obama aims to heal war wounds , ” from the AP ’s Josh Lederman : “ Acknowledging the scars of a secret war , [ Obama ] said the U.S. has a ‘ moral obligation ’ to help this isolated Southeast Asian nation heal ... and vowed to reinvigorate relations with a country with rising strategic importance to the U.S. Making a first visit for a sitting U.S. president , Obama said too few Americans know of the United States ’ covert bombing of Laos during the Vietnam War and that the campaign and its aftermath are reminders that ‘ whatever the cause , whatever our intentions , war inflicts a terrible toll . ’ For Obama , the visit is a capstone to his years - long effort to bolster relations with Southeast Asian countries long overlooked by the United States ” : As a first sign of a new relationship with Laos , Obama said his administration would address the legacy of war .	54	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Regardless , the State Department said it found no evidence that the document was ever sent via unsecured fax .	18	contact.collaborate.n/a
The suspected explosive device was found on Saturday in New York City near the site of a blast in the Chelsea neighborhood , Harry J. Wedin , chief of the New York Police Department 's Special Operations Division , said in a message on Twitter .	17	conflict.attack.n/a
After Hillary : Hillary Clinton rejected the Goldstone Report as “ one - sided . ” Clinton ’s unbridled support for expanding Israeli settlements in the West Bank and east Jerusalem and its silence on the dehumanizing Israeli blockade of Gaza , emboldened Israel ’s theocratic right - wing government to further encroach on Palestinian territories and cementing into place an apartheid - like series of Palestinian “ Bantustans ” in the West Bank and an open - air ghetto in Gaza .	52	conflict.attack.invade
This debate is actually pretty damned entertaining .	1	contact.discussion.correspondence
March 22 , 2016 - Two explosions at Brussels airport and another at a subway station in the Maalbeek district of the Belgian capital leave at least 32 people dead and scores injured .	32	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
It continues : “ Here ’s one that worries me about HRC … Should Ohio and the 30 other states join the current list and abolish the death penalty ? ”	27	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
" While Mr Snowden played an important role in educating the American people , there is no debate that he also violated an oath and committed a crime , " Sanders added .	23	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Ankara said it suspected the aim was to starve the population into submission .	8	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
" I want to emphasize to the public , this is a serious storm , " Obama said , urging people to follow local evacuation orders .	19	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Shortly after the resolution 's adoption , the U.S. announced unilateral sanctions on the North , blacklisting 11 individuals and five entities for their alleged roles in nuclear and weapons proliferation , including Pyongyang 's all - powerful National Defense Commission .	11	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In three of them , heads of state are either threatened or have had to resign .	10	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
1.Falsely said federal authorities refused to detain an Ohio illegal immigrant who allegedly committed a murder three weeks later “ even though they knew he was very dangerous . ” ( There is no evidence the Border Patrol or anyone else knew Juan Emmanuel Razo was dangerous ; local police said he was sweating and seemed suspicious , but “ no crimes were discovered ( i.e.	15	life.die.n/a
And she 's now refusing to shut the site down , despite a court injunction and a lawsuit from Elsevier , one of the world 's biggest publishers .	14	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
He said : “ I recommend that we have a look at the influence of Great Britain on the former colonies and crown dependencies and the role that for instance the Cayman Islands , the British Virgin Islands , the Channel Islands , the Isle of Man or Gibraltar are playing .	5	contact.requestadvise.meet
" And with my help , a lot of government confiscated a lot of cash , a lot of houses , a lot of cars ... you know ...	10	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
There , he produced a glowing documentary on the life of socialist revolutionary Eugene Debs , who was jailed for espionage during the Red Scare and hailed by the Bolsheviks as " America 's greatest Marxist . "	18	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
He died October 28 of complications experienced during surgery .	8	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
If Hillary Clinton continues to employ people with biased and bigoted views , it ’s clear where her priorities are . ”	5	personnel.startposition.n/a
A distributed denial - of - service ( DDoS ) attack came , the newsmagazine suggests , in response to its cover story , “ How Donald Trump ’s company violated the United States embargo against Cuba . ”	34	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
A US official accused Israel of treating some Arab - Americans unequally after the Jewish state detained and denied entry into its borders five pro - Palestinian American activists .	18	movement.transportperson.prevententry
It ’s unclear , though , how thorough Clinton ’s lawyers were when they separated her work - related messages , which were returned to the State Department , from those that were personal , which were later destroyed .	38	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Or at least , stop preaching about Trump ’s evils and the decline of the American democracy .	5	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
This perhaps helps explain why he wants to actively undermine a post - WWII international order that is America 's most valuable and important asset , wants to rent - seek and resource - extract from a world already inclined to favor American interests , and wants to sell off long - term American power in exchange for a little more money from our allies .	28	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Doctors said they had documented 34 dead and 216 injured on Tuesday alone , adding that the total number was likely to be higher as some families retrieved their dead from bombarded sites without taking them to local hospitals .	31	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In 2008 , Clinton was paid $ 125,000 to address a conference in New York hosted by Rodman & Renshaw , a bank that specialized in investing in Chinese companies .	5	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In every presidential election since at least 1988 , retired senior uniformed support for presidential candidates has led to debate within military circles over propriety .	3	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Washington / corporate insiders , like those appointed so far to the Clinton transition team , are likely to recommend other Washington / corporate insiders who run in the same social / political / business circles .	19	contact.requestadvise.n/a
" This donation represents a deep friendship between two nations , " Afghan national security adviser Hanif Atmar said at an event marking delivery of the arms shipment .	27	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Cruz cited Trump 's pledges on the judiciary in his Facebook post .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Even the Pentagon ’s acquisition chief grants that the creation of ULA — a monopoly criticized by the Federal Trade Commission when it was formed at the government ’s behest a decade ago — may have been a mistake .	6	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Since Trump launched his campaign last year , his inflammatory rhetoric about Mexicans — calling them “ rapists ” and drug runners — has been assailed by Democrats and Republicans alike as he ’s also vowed to build a wall along the U.S .- Mexico border .	35	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Trump ’s theory seems to be that if we increase the price of imports , make it more difficult for American companies to export , and punish American companies for locating overseas , this ridiculous combination of counterproductive policies will result in alchemist economic gold .	13	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Signs of societal disintegration may also be seen in Erdoğan ’s manipulation of the judiciary , repeated threats to prosecute pro - Kurdish MPs and politicians , curbs on media freedom and independent journalism , unchecked corruption , and his attempt to enact a new constitution giving him Vladimir Putin - style presidential powers .	42	government.legislate.legislate
This includes : Preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon .	6	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Rather , he attacked Republicans who abandoned him after he “ annihilate[d ] the enemy the other day , ” referring to a promising debate performance last Sunday in St. Louis .	23	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Less than 4 percent of state - held prisoners are in jail for drug possession – and most of those have pleaded down from trafficking or are repeat offenders .	24	movement.transportartifact.n/a
“ We ’re not safe , ” he then said , stoking fear of violence even though violent crime — murders , rapes , robberies , assaults — is down considerably from 2008 .	24	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The Ministry of Defence gave no information on how or where he died , saying he passed away on 3 January aged 58 .	16	life.die.nonviolentdeath
The pilot is protected from ground fire by titanium armor , and the plane 's fuel cells are self - sealing in case of puncture .	24	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted Aug. 3 - 7 , 2016 , with a random sample of 1,032 adults , aged 18 and older , living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia .	8	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Khomeini , in effect , had three requests : smooth the way for his return , press the constitutional government to resign , and force the military to capitulate .	28	conflict.yield.n/a
Police have detained Elizaveta Dubrovina on suspicion of killing Stefania at an apartment owned by a 44-year - old male photographer in St Petersburg on 24 February .	2	movement.transportperson.n/a
If Iran were to reach the threshold of a nuclear weapons state , Tehran would find it much easier to call on its allies in Syria and Hezbollah to strike Israel , knowing that its nuclear weapons would serve as a deterrent to Israel responding against Iran itself .	29	life.injure.n/a
Her theory is that Assange might worry that with Correa out , Ecuador could reject his asylum claim , effectively sending him into the arms of the U.S ..	16	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Daring to try to attend a presidential debate .	7	contact.negotiate.meet
Turkey blackmailed EU : either € 3bn per year & EU accession or we send buses full with refugees to Europe	1	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
So not only does attacking medical facilities and personnel hamper the ability of that one facility and those personnel to provide aid to the regime ’s enemies , it also deters people in other areas of Syria from providing aid .	38	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Lately , both exports and imports have been shrinking — but exports are going down a bit faster .	3	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Some of his male supporters have used the same types of gendered insults to intimidate the women who cover their candidate .	14	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Or maybe he does n't want the American people , all of you watching tonight , to know that he 's paid nothing in federal taxes , because the only years that anybody 's ever seen were a couple of years when he had to turn them over to state authorities when he was trying to get a casino license , and they showed he did n't pay any federal income tax .	70	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
He even said recently he would meet with Putin even before he was inaugurated if he is elected .	13	government.formation.startgpe
The final shipment of such weapons can take years to complete , but U.S. officials have repeatedly refused to clarify if the order ’s final tranche was delivered .	2	movement.transportartifact.fall
In another twist , president Ronald Reagan ’s former chief of staff , Ken Duberstein , had urged Mr Powell not to publicly support the deal , but Mr Powell wrote back to defend it being “ good for the country ” .	17	contact.commandorder.meet
Detectives had raided the 12th floor apartment she had shared with her estranged husband in the early hours of the morning and another rented property nearby .	23	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Our correspondent said there were reports of at least three fatalities .	10	life.die.n/a
There was no “ until we got tired ” – or even “ until we retired ” in that oath .	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
A furious England fan hurls a missile at his opponent while two flares continues to blaze behind him during violent clashes in Marseille	15	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Clinton has publicly said that she believes in trade , but has made running against the way certain trade deals are enforced - including the North American Free Trade agreement - a key to her outreach to union and white working class voters .	29	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
" His case will be examined ... and could lead to legal proceedings . "	12	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
WND reported Abedin also was a member of the executive board of the Muslim Student Association , which was identified as a Muslim Brotherhood front group in a 1991 document introduced into evidence during the terror - financing trial of the Texas - based Holy Land Foundation .	38	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
The U.N. agency that provides aid to Palestinians reported that there were 297,500 Palestinians in Area C in 2014 .	4	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
The coffin was then placed on the gun carriage of an open - topped truck , and the funeral procession slowly moved through streets lined with mourners to a local cemetery .	18	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
What was the distance between the location of the firefight and the nearest QRF ?	9	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Since then , violence escalated , sectarian conflict emerged , and rebel brigades were formed to fight government forces , with the governments of Syria , Russia , and the United States all launching air strikes on various rebel forces on the ground , resulting in the death and displacement of thousands of civilians in the process .	35	conflict.attack.n/a
Martin O’Malley during the Democratic primaries ) ; hired a polling firm ( which declared Clinton the instant winner after a debate with Bernie Sanders ) ; set up a 30-person “ war room ” to do “ rapid response ” to attacks on Clinton during her appearance before the House Select Committee on Benghazi ( including circulating a 140-page “ opposition research ” book that “ impugns the character of Republicans ” on the panel ; paid $ 391,000 to an affiliated Brock organization , the Franklin Forum , to conduct media training for Clinton surrogates ; committed to spend $ 1 million to “ confront social media users who post unflattering messages ” about Clinton ; and received a $ 275,615 direct payment from the Clinton campaign in June 2015 for what was listed as “ research . ”	8	personnel.startposition.hiring
“ One of the issues that I have been preaching about around the world is collecting taxes in an equitable manner , especially from the elites in every country , ” Hillary Clinton told audience of the Clinton Global Initiative in 2012 , when she was still secretary of state .	9	contact.mediastatement.n/a
After the detention center meeting , Fox News conducted additional interviews by phone and , with Lazar 's permission , recorded them for broadcast .	23	contact.mediastatement.n/a
" We are expecting a clear and unambiguous stand from the United States -- who we believe to be our allies -- against this slaughter of humanity , " said the premier .	24	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
A sports executive who had donated to the foundation wanted to arrange for a visa for a British soccer player to visit the United States ; he was having trouble getting one because of a criminal conviction .	5	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
The night ’s entertainment was Michael Israel , who bills himself as “ the original speed painter . ” His frenetic act involved painting giant portraits in five to seven minutes — then auctioning off the art he ’d just created .	33	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Diplomats urged all parties to allow immediate humanitarian access to blockaded towns and warned rebels they “ might not be protected ” from future airstrikes if they violate an ongoing partial truce .	24	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Clerics have also demanded that Iran forfeit what is expected to be an evenly matched clash , taking a 3 - 0 defeat .	3	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Syrian rebels had declared the push for peace " futile " after Syrian government and Russian warplanes bombarded Aleppo in the worst surge of violence in the city for years .	17	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
After a 16 month investigation , the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention ( UNWGAD ) has found that Mr Assange has been unlawfully detained by the UK and Sweden and should be released and compensated .	36	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
-- Trump just issued a statement calling this " an attack on our country " : “ It is a coordinated , premeditated assault on the men and women who keep us safe .	23	life.injure.n/a
The result was first a bubble - inflating binge of speculative buying of such products , then the massive failure of both the securities firms that bought them and the banks and depositors who lent the short - term money once the bubble had burst .	34	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Police also attempted to confiscate the drone , claiming that the device needed to be registered .	4	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Although Sanders is vowing to fight to try to get superdelegates to abandon Clinton , there are signs that the Democratic establishment is moving to shut the primary down after Tuesday in order to train its exclusive fire on Trump .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The reason for the right ’s breathless anticipation of Clinton ’s demise is that the mysterious , eccentric and paranoid Romanian computer hacker who broke the email story back in 2013 was extradited to the United States last month pursuant to federal felony charges filed against him in 2014 .	32	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
The retired athlete is in Rio to support Team Russia .	1	personnel.endposition.quitretire
She praised NATO , upheld the importance of alliances with Japan and South Korea , defended John McCain ’s heroism , stressed the centrality of American world leadership , and promised to harness allies in the war to defeat ISIS .	30	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
They confiscate them so they can use them when they flee to Turkey , " says Om Mohammad .	10	movement.transportperson.n/a
An ebullient Hillary Clinton reveled Tuesday in the strong reviews for her performance in the first general election debate of 2016 , while rival Donald Trump kept the previous night ’s controversies alive and suggested he might “ hit her harder ” in their next encounter by raising the subject of former President Bill Clinton ’s infidelities .	18	contact.discussion.meet
Justo got three years in a Thai jail for attempting to blackmail a UK company out of $ 2 m .	11	contact.threatencoerce.meet
The first detonated an explosives vest , the second was killed by police , while the third had a defective explosives vest .	2	conflict.attack.bombing
Counting Syria ’s dead has become nearly impossible — the U.N. stopped trying more than two years ago — but groups monitoring the conflict have estimated the number to be almost half a million , with the pace of killing accelerating each year .	39	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
She oversaw negotiation and worked to ensure ratification of the New START treaty , which will make the world safer by reducing U.S. and Russian nuclear arsenals to their smallest size in 50 years .	12	government.agreements.n/a
Mr. Trump , at a rally on Wednesday afternoon in Ocala , Fla. , called the hacked campaign emails “ unbelievable ” and urged voters to read the messages “ released by WikiLeaks . ” He said the emails “ make more clear than ever , just how much is at stake in November and how unattractive and dishonest our country has become . ”	18	contact.collaborate.correspondence
This level of stealth is so intense , McCullough himself had to earn an even higher security clearance in order to inspect these SAP materials .	21	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
( That has n't occurred , an indication that Assange has embraced the Russians ' propensity to lie . )	17	contact.prevarication.correspondence
The book , Miller explains , documents how under the Clintons , “ the security of the American people was auctioned off to the highest bidder .	20	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Clinton has praised President Obama ’s efforts to normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba , supporting his policies and calling for an end to the trade embargo with the island nation .	25	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Most were dismissed from service on their arrival , arrested and imprisoned , according to a Turkish military official at NATO and two farewell letters sent by departing Turkish officials emailed to colleagues at NATO and seen by Reuters .	9	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Here ’s another question that worth asking : Do presidential candidates have to admit they intended to commit a crime for the FBI to recommend the Justice Department prosecute ?	24	contact.requestadvise.n/a
" Our duty is to the civilians in Yemen , and given widespread and very valid concerns over the conduct of the war by Saudi forces , our call for an E.U .- wide arms embargo is proportionate and necessary , " said Alyn Smith , one of the lawmakers who spearheaded the vote .	35	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Nadiya Savchenko was sentenced to 22 years in jail after being convicted of directing artillery fire which killed them in eastern Ukraine in June 2014 .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
He urged all parties to ensure the safety and well - being of diplomatic missions and personnel and civilians throughout Turkey .	1	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Azerbaijan may be using a new kind of Israeli drone that explodes on impact in its ongoing conflict with Armenia .	11	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Israel ’s police minister accused Facebook Inc. of complicity in Palestinian violence against his country after back - to - back attacks claimed the lives of a 13-year - old stabbed to death in her bed and a father of 10 killed in a drive - by shooting .	47	life.die.n/a
As much as I enthusiastically supported Bernie Sanders during the primary , the rhetoric of the alt - left individuals backing him was rather concerning – especially those folks who said they would rather see Trump elected than Hillary .	36	personnel.elect.n/a
Normally , atmospheric explosions are recorded by seismic monitors , microphones and/or satellite observations .	3	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
According to the bill , that includes everything from the establishment or funding of a front group , covert broadcasting , media manipulation and disinformation campaigns .	12	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Trump had purchased the mansion at a bankruptcy auction less than four years earlier for $ 41.4 million , records show .	8	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Of course , it was all a lie .	7	contact.prevarication.meet
" We do n't have any concern as to whether Hillary is elected or Trump is elected , " Assange said .	16	personnel.elect.winelection
The U.S. officially lifted its 40-year ban on exporting oil to other countries in December .	8	movement.transportartifact.n/a
More than 250,000 people have died in the conflict , though the U.N. stopped keeping track of the toll .	8	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
A search of the ICIJ database of the Panama Papers for WJC LLC produced a list of hits that included 1,011 offshore entities , 446 officers , 72 intermediaries and 143 different addresses .	13	manufacture.artifact.n/a
King Bela IV fled his palace in Pest ( now part of Budapest ) , and Ogodei 's armies slaughtered an estimated 1 million Hungarians : troops , clerics , nobles , knights , and peasants .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Leidig says this has harmed him in myriad ways : CEN clients have stopped using its service , other clients like the Daily Mirror will only use CEN stories when " absolutely necessary , " and ad sales have plummeted by about 30 percent .	39	movement.transportartifact.n/a
A third attacker was killed by security forces before detonating his bomb , according to an Afghan security official speaking on condition of anonymity .	9	conflict.attack.bombing
WUHAN , April 6 , 2016 ( Xinhua ) -- A freight train heading to Lyons of France sets off from Wujiashan Railway Center in Wuhan , capital of central China 's Hubei Province , April 6 , 2016 .	11	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Genocide .	0	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The delegates , who included Bina Ahmad , a New York City public defender , were denied entry into Israel and then detained for hours before they were sent back to the United States .	16	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The Polish government plans to demolish about 500 Soviet monuments throughout the country , head of the Institute of National Remembrance Lukasz Kaminsky said in an interview with online portal Onet.pl , the RBC news website reported Thursday .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
“ The bulk of the remaining funds were used to develop oil and gas fields in Indonesia , as well as to pay for a lavish lifestyle for Miracle , ” the U.S. Attorney ’s Office for Western District of Washington said in a statement at time of his guilty plea .	49	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
( CNN ) As law enforcement officials sort through the rubble at Pulse nightclub in Orlando , and learn more about how America 's deadliest mass shooting unfolded , the presidential candidates will be posturing to ensure that they use this moment wisely .	26	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The crisis was resolved within hours when the man , later determined to be psychologically troubled , surrendered .	17	conflict.yield.surrender
Trump has repeatedly pinned the failings of the Obama administration — whether it ’s fighting ISIS , standing up to Russia or negotiating trade deals — to Obama ’s weakness .	22	contact.discussion.meet
MSF , which supports all the hospitals in eastern Aleppo , said doctors have reported receiving more than 270 bodies and 800 wounded patients since last Wednesday .	22	life.injure.n/a
The Obama Administration , despite causing the refugee crisis with its overthrow of secular governments in the Middle East , has jailed twenty Iraqi Christians who managed to escape to the United States seeking asylum .	34	movement.transportperson.n/a
Photos : The ISIS terror threat Smoke rises above a damaged building in Ramadi , Iraq , following a coalition airstrike against ISIS positions on Saturday , August 15 .	20	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The testimony of refugees is inevitably biased against those who forced them to abandon their homes and flee and , while the accounts of their suffering are undoubtedly true , they can not speak for those who stayed behind .	17	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Politifact , in its analysis of the Uranium One / Rosatom / State Department story first reported by the New York Times and based on research from the NYT bestseller Clinton Cash , ignores numerous key facts , conflates opinion for fact , deemphasizes other key facts , makes 13 errors , declares an incomplete donor record as complete , and takes the word of a major Clinton Foundation donor who has a demonstrable record of deceiving media outlets about basic facts in this deal .	76	contact.prevarication.n/a
Domestically , dozens of serious jobs bills would likely have been signed into law ; the Environmental Protection Agency 's war on American energy , especially coal , would likely have ended ; the Keystone XL pipeline would surely have begun construction ; comprehensive tax reform could have lowered rates for everyone and made our tax code fairer ; corruption at the IRS would more likely have been properly condemned and punished ; the Little Sisters of the Poor would no doubt have been left alone to keep caring for the elderly instead of being forced into court for their survival ; and so much more .	11	government.legislate.legislate
Boris Reitschuster , a veteran German journalist who authored several books on Russia , claims that the ties date back to the first years of Putin 's presidency — and his past as a KGB spy in East Germany in 1985 - 1990 , where he developed ties to the Stasi , the secret police .	35	government.spy.spy
Schroeder and Putin , who spoke German after serving in the KGB in East Germany , understood each other well and established close diplomatic and personal ties .	21	government.formation.startgpe
The second reason is the embargo that has been implemented on Syria by the West , mainly the United States , of course , that caused more difficulties for the people to live here , especially in the health sector .	5	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Today in Iran , children of all ages are getting a little more food and experiencing a little more freedom because sanctions placed upon their country are gradually being lifted after their political leaders chose to come to the negotiating table for the first time in forty years .	39	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Black , Manafort , and Stone hired alumni of the Department of Housing and Urban Development then used those connections to win $ 43 million in “ moderate rehabilitation funds ” for a renovation project in Upper Deerfield , New Jersey .	29	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
' If your job is to win elections you do n’t just throw up your hands and say , gosh , I sure hope voters do n’t pick the guy who ca n’t possibly win . ' "	6	personnel.elect.n/a
The terrorists demolished the 2,000-year - old gate using military equipment , activists in Mosul told Kurdish media outlet ARA News .	2	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
He has lent his private plane to the Clintons and traveled to Los Angeles in 2011 to attend Mr. Clinton ’s star - studded 65th birthday celebration .	2	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
· Juvenile – Second - degree trespassing and resist , delay , obstruct an officer	12	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Sanders supporters also remind us of her assertion that “ super - predators ” were roaming the streets in the 1990s , comments for which she only expressed some regret this year .	15	movement.transportperson.n/a
January 21 , 2016 - Suspected ISIS militants launched an attack on oil terminal in the Libyan port of Ras Lanuf , causing at least one storage tank to explode and a pipeline to catch fire , according to the Libyan news agency and an engineer .	29	conflict.attack.bombing
A 2012 report by Clinton ’s State Department , for example , noted that in addition to recruiting child soldiers , South Sudan ’s security forces also committed arbitrary or unlawful killings , tortured and raped women , arbitrarily arrested and detained people , and “ tortured , beat , and harassed political opponents , journalists , and human rights workers . ” The SPLA also broke its 2010 pledge to demobilize all of its child soldiers by the end of the year , leaving children serving in the force .	46	life.injure.n/a
“ So in the run - up to that Kurbanov trial she ( Olson ) was wanting to make sure there was no backlash against Muslims , ” Corcoran observed , even as more United Nations - selected refugees from Shariah - compliant Muslim countries were being planted in U.S. cities and towns .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
They want more arrests , ’ she said .	3	movement.transportperson.preventexit
At the start of the decade , Saudi Arabia enjoyed a 20 % share of Chinese crude imports , while Russia was lagging far behind with 7 % .	17	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
“ Trump made a ludicrous claim that U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens made 600 requests for help before he perished in the attack on a U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi . ”	18	life.die.n/a
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry ( R ) , U.N. Special Envoy Staffan de Mistura ( C ) and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov ( L ) arrive for a press conference following their meeting in Geneva , Switzerland where they discussed the crisis in Syria September 9 , 2016 .	35	contact.collaborate.meet
He comes in with a frown , demanding spit and polish .	7	contact.commandorder.broadcast
In response to the frequent skirmishes , South Korean coastguard officials announced on Tuesday they would authorize the use of handguns and onboard cannon to attack Chinese vessels they deem threatening .	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Throughout their political careers these seven masters of deception demonstrated that political shrewdness invariably identified with the immoral dogma of 20th century politicians who preach and practice " any means justifies all ends . "	24	contact.mediastatement.n/a
The left - leaning presidential candidate may have been recruited in 1988 while visiting the Russian spy capital of Yaroslavl , sources said .	9	personnel.startposition.hiring
The group 's director , Rami Abdulrahman , said that 400 ISIL fighters died in the battle , which he described as the biggest single defeat for the group since it announced its self - declared caliphate in Iraq and Syria nearly two years ago .	31	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
“ Even if we lift the embargo tomorrow , ” he said as he hit stride , “ Cubans would not realize their potential without continued change here in Cuba . ” His next sentence tells you all you need to know about where Obama was headed : “ It should be easier to open a business in Cuba . ”	6	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
PHILADELPHIA – Officially accepting the first - ever presidential nomination of a woman in U.S. history , Hillary Clinton on Thursday night presented herself as a clear - eyed leader and unifying force , urging the American people to reject what she called “ powerful forces … threatening to pull us apart . ”	47	contact.threatencoerce.meet
The court said the government was trying to silence Khodorkovsky , who was using his riches to fund opposition parties to Putin .	17	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Um … ” He yanks the latch on the orange one , bends his knees as he heaves open the door .	17	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
It was one of several attacks on Syrian jets claimed by Isis , including an attack in July where they later hung a pilot 's corpse on display in the streets .	21	conflict.attack.n/a
This , and another shooting that targeted officers in Baton Rouge one week later , compounded the misunderstanding that Black Lives Matter calls for violence against members of law enforcement , and as a result strengthened the burgeoning " Blue Lives Matter " movement championed by pro - policing advocates .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In an Aug. 3 post on " Intelligence Report , " the center reports , " Barnette says that Jews and Muslims have formed an alliance ' to commit genocide of epic proportions ' of the white race .	29	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
So much for the data on homicides tout court .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Snowden , who now lives in asylum in Russia — which has been widely accused of hacking the DNC ’s servers — said more disclosure could give the U.S. government a greater ability to attribute blame for the DNC hack .	6	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Desperate passengers embrace as they gather in shock outside the terminal after the airport was evacuated and all flights were grounded	15	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
( Team Hillary blames dehydration . )	4	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The Iskander - M missiles , which have a range of over 500 km , are reportedly being transported by ship from the St Petersburg area .	18	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
The real wages for our workers have not been raised for 18 years .	2	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The US embassy in Ukraine had earlier condemned the inclusion of Crimea , saying in an online statement : " Coca - Cola 's actions violate the official US position condemning Russia 's illegal occupation of Crimea , which is and has always been an integral part of Ukraine . "	25	government.agreements.violateagreement
The Kremlin claims almost 500 terrorist targets in Syria were hit by Russian airstrikes over the weekend , with 169 sorties flown between January 22 - 24 .	13	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
But its air campaign has made it an indispensable part of the quest for a negotiated end to Syria 's five - year - old civil war , which has claimed the lives of over 260,000 people .	15	contact.negotiate.meet
Trump ’s total lack of debate preparedness suggests that he ’d be similarly lost in the Oval Office .	5	contact.discussion.correspondence
If I 'm elected president , I will end the special - interest monopoly in Washington , D.C.	3	personnel.elect.winelection
Consequently , with just two or three hearings a year , inmates ’ trials can take years , even decades .	13	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
officer , were killed in the attack .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
An outraged Clinton supporter destroyed it while the artist tried in vain to save it , the New York Post .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The 46-year - old passed away at the Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto on 22 March	4	life.die.nonviolentdeath
That 's the link that opened Podesta 's account to the hackers , a source close to the investigation into the hack confirmed to Motherboard .	18	justice.investigate.n/a
For starters , in response to repeated questions about the cash payment , which coincided with an intricate deal to release Americans detained in Iran , the State Department defended the decision by saying it went through an interagency process .	22	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
We are also going to help more veterans looking for jobs , with expanded tax credits for businesses that hire veterans .	19	personnel.startposition.hiring
SECRETARY CLINTON : And he was eager to go , and he was very effective , and then I recommended him to be our ambassador , and I had the highest regard for him .	19	contact.requestadvise.meet
Speculation of a second coup quickly swirled Saturday among local media as Turkish police in armored vehicles cut off access to Incirlik , but local officials dismissed the maneuver a “ safety inspection . "	32	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The first operative reportedly detonated his explosives while attacking the consulate 's guards and a second bomber detonated his device inside the building .	4	conflict.attack.bombing
Two road - mobile Musudan launchers were set up for the test , but the second was not fired after the explosion , the report said .	21	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
As a result , Republicans who long vilified the group as a grave national security threat have become its biggest fans ( “ I love WikiLeaks , ” Donald Trump gushed last night , even though he previously called for Edward Snowden to be executed ) , while Democrats who cheered the group for its mass leaks about Bush - era war crimes now scorn it as an evil espionage tool of the Kremlin .	44	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In the loading dock , there 's a forklift beeping , bringing in more boxes .	11	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
It was August 2012 , a little more than a year after South Sudan ’s inaugural Independence Day — the product , beyond any sort of American midwifery , of two brutal conflicts with Sudan that raged from 1955 to 1972 and 1983 to 2005 , leaving millions dead and displaced .	32	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Countries that ratify the deal will have to wait for three years after it has gone into legal force before they can begin the process of withdrawing from it , according to the agreement signed in Paris .	33	government.agreements.violateagreement
" We have now seized full control of the Ramousah area ... We are in our trenches but there are insane air strikes of unprecedented ferociousness .	4	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Under sustained criticism , Trump proposed , instead , to “ screen out any who have hostile attitudes towards our country or its principles — or who believe that Sharia law should supplant American law . ” Gingrich called for re - creating the House Un - American Activities Committee , which was established in 1938 to investigate accusations of subversion and disloyalty .	57	justice.investigate.n/a
The train , which is loaded with mechanical , electronic and chemical products , marks the opening of the Wuhan - Lyons freight train .	22	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Police arrested a lovestruck “ idiot ” who wore a fake suicide belt and forced an EgyptAir passenger jet to land in Cyprus Tuesday morning , government officials confirmed , ending a bizarre and frightening hijacking that stretched on for hours .	1	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The girl 's mum was later seen being taken away by paramedics after being told her daughter had been decapitated .	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Assessing the ceasefire Roggio elaborated , “ These ceasefire ’s do n’t hold , everyone uses them for their own advantage , some groups will get some supplies , and then the fighting will resume . ”	2	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Trump also sold a mansion in Palm Beach in 2008 for $ 95 million to Russian oligarch Dmitry Rybolovlev ; he had purchased the home at a bankruptcy auction four years earlier for $ 41.4 million .	28	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Fernando chose to resign from the Board earlier this month citing additional time needed to devote to his business , ” it reads , noting that membership on the board was required to be “ fairly balanced in terms of the points of view represented and the functions to be performed by the advisory committee . ”	3	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Following Clinton ’s alleged drone proposal , another controversial remedy was floated in the State Department to place a reward or bounty for Assange ’s capture and extradition to the United States , sources said .	27	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
As The Post reported back then , it was " the first time that one European nation has seized territory from another since the end of World War II . "	18	transaction.transaction.n/a
Lying off the northeastern tip of Japan , they were seized by Soviet troops in the last days of World War II .	10	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
And be careful when you find yourself in a situation like that , where you demand that the top go away .	15	contact.commandorder.n/a
Instead of retreating , she reentered the fray to help enact a more modest but important reform expanding health - care access to poor children .	2	conflict.yield.n/a
Giacomo Palombo , a former United Airlines pilot , said he ’s being bombarded every week with offers to fly Airbus A320s in China .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
He did n’t lie about his medical discharge from the military or his position as a NSA contractor .	7	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
The Crimean Human Rights Group posted photos on its website showing Russian military trucks being transported by train on August 6 near Kerch , a port in Eastern Crimea near the border with Russia proper .	15	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
But most aid shipments were still waiting to go in .	3	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Clinton : " It 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated . "	43	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Campaign staff began a spirited exchange over how to punch back at the upstart senator , who favored keeping a trade embargo born of the Cold War in place against the communist island nation .	21	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Communist China conducts political show trials ; not here .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Trump has not laid out a clear strategy for combating ISIS or addressing the globally destabilizing conflict in Syria , which has killed hundreds of thousands and pushed millions more to flee their homes .	9	conflict.attack.n/a
The images are the color of asphalt , and the writing on them looks like tiny pebbles , and they whiz by so fast , I begin to get actual car sickness .	31	life.injure.n/a
Her " what difference , at this point , does it make " testimony at the ensuing congressional hearings into Benghazi showed a shocking disregard of her responsibilities to the deceased and misreading of the gravity of what had taken place .	30	life.die.n/a
An intentionally misleading but literally true answer can not form the basis for prosecution .	2	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Immigration officers would be able to immediately deport people visiting the country who " preach hate " and those who immigrate to the United States would be expected to assimilate , he said .	20	movement.transportperson.n/a
Only in Trump ’s utterly unenforceable promise to ban all Muslims from entering America – something that would wreck the US economy and destroy her influence in the world – is there no possible equivalent from “ Il Duce ” .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
SDF vows to resist Syrian government attacks near Raqqa	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The cyber attacks are part of a broader pattern of state - sponsored hacking by Russia focused on political targets , with a goal of giving Russia the upper hand in dealing with other governments , said Pasi Eronen , a Helsinki - based cyber warfare researcher who has advised Finland ’s Defense Ministry .	49	contact.requestadvise.n/a
“ Two pilots who were part of the operation to down the Russian Su-24 in November 2015 are in custody , ” a Turkish official told journalists on Tuesday , adding that they were detained over links to the coup bid .	34	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Saturday , July 30 : Trump attacked Khizr and Ghazala Khan , a Gold Star military family whose son was killed in Iraq in 2004 .	20	life.die.n/a
Without those assets , the Russians would have had no interest in the deal : “ It was n’t the goal to buy the Wyoming mines .	22	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The Daily Mail added that all this is occurring while “ Putin cancelled a planned visit to France amid a furious row over Moscow 's role in the Syrian conflict . ”	29	conflict.attack.n/a
The European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) has previously proposed setting limits on the duration that pilots can fly .	10	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The Senate Republicans , by blatantly and transparently obstructing President Obama 's judicial nominations , have goaded the Democrats into an historic mistake .	8	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Native Americans march to the site of a sacred burial ground that was disturbed by bulldozers building the Dakota Access Pipeline on September 4 , 2016 near Cannon Ball , North Dakota .	9	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
Yet Mr. Pence also opened the door for more criticism of Mr. Trump by vowing to release his own income tax returns within the next week .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Both have been vilified for advocating ways to reduce US / Russian tensions .	5	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
CBS correspondent Elaine Quijano tried to keep control of the proceedings as the pair exchanged jibes in their only chance to impress the voters	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
First , Mr. Trump engaged in a verbal > battle with Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala , parents of a fallen U.S. soldier and a Muslim .	9	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But two people familiar with attempts to breach the campaign and other Republican organizations said that so far there was no indication of a penetration as serious as those of the Democratic organizations , and CrowdStrike is not investigating any successful hacking of Trump campaign data .	38	justice.investigate.n/a
Later , on Monday afternoon , the White House announced the meeting was canceled .	11	contact.discussion.meet
This time , Gates found himself lined up with Biden “ urging caution , ” while Clinton joined with U.S.	11	contact.commandorder.broadcast
" But these areas are not part of any exclusive economic zone , they are not used for the shipment of goods , they are not harvested for marine resources , and their welfare is no one 's concern ...	19	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
He boasted in a 2015 interview of shooting 15 Ukrainian prisoners of war , prompting Kiev 's defence ministry to say he was lucky to die in a bombing rather than serving an " inevitable " life sentence .	7	life.injure.n/a
On Fox News on Sunday , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani raised the specter of Clinton 's " signs of illness , " saying : " Go online and put down ' Hillary Clinton illness ' and take a look at the videos for yourself . "	22	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Specifically , he made the documents public through journalists , including reporters working for The Post , enabling the American public to learn for the first time that the NSA was collecting domestic telephone “ metadata ” — information about the time of a call and the parties to it , but not its content — en masse with no case - by - case court approval .	33	contact.collaborate.n/a
Damage was also sustained by an ambulance that had replaced another that was destroyed in a bombing two days ago .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The key to addressing climate change is to win elections and break the deadlock of corporate power .	8	personnel.elect.n/a
The IDF is also widely believed to have carried out airstrikes on arms shipments destined for the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah , a close ally of Assad .	13	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Indigenous rights and environmental activist Berta Cáceres criticized Clinton ’s role in the coup prior to her murder by a Honduran death squad on 3 March .	17	life.die.n/a
“ I lost five years of my life there , I nearly died there , ” he says .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" I will say this about Hillary : She does n't quit .	11	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Horrifying : Police and forensics teams inspect bodies in the French sunshine where at least ten died and 50 injured - many of them in buggies left abandoned today	6	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
On the same day as Macri 's announcement , thousands of journalists and dozens of media workers ' unions protested against massive layoffs in Buenos Aires , calling on the government to prevent the closure of newspapers and television stations .	22	personnel.endposition.n/a
The media reports , based on a massive leak of documents , allege the existence of a clandestine network involving associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin , and business ties between a member of FIFA 's ethics committee and men indicted for corruption .	40	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
His team is practically unique in the field of “ architectural forensics ” , using the designer ’s spatial toolkit to build damning bodies of evidence used in both UN investigations and trials in the international criminal court .	30	justice.investigate.n/a
As part of Erdogan ’s crackdown after the failed military coup in July , Yayla ’s 19 year old son was prevented from leaving the country , and eventually arrested on terrorism charges .	29	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Although it invokes the infamous 2013 Queiq River massacre to describe the suffering that Assad has heaped upon the people of Aleppo , it fails to mention that the slaughter was most likely the work of Al Nusra .	29	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The demolished monuments will be removed and transferred to museums where they can become “ a witness of hard times , ” Kaminsky said , the RIA Novosti news agency reported .	1	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
I made a film called The War You Do n't See , in which I interviewed distinguished journalists in America and Britain : reporters such as Dan Rather of CBS , Rageh Omar of the BBC , David Rose of the Observer .	15	contact.discussion.meet
In recent weeks , as his poll numbers have suffered , Trump has started openly floating the idea that the general election in November could be " stolen " through " cheating , " presumably by his Democratic opponents .	21	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
In a joint declaration , they also urged the world to protect Christians from persecution in the Middle East .	7	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Various academic papers have debunked NOAA ’s “ new ” temperature findings , but NOAA ’s revised measurements continue to be used to make claims such as “ warmest year ever . ” The questionable methods utilized by NOAA to assemble its “ pause buster ” study are now the subject of a Congressional investigation .	40	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Faced with the prospect of a U.S. president who pledges to rip up trade agreements , slap tariffs on allies and pull out of the World Trade Organization , top trade officials are in various states of denial and dread .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Police Commissioner Richard Ross described the protests as " very peaceful " and said no arrests had been made .	15	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
… We have received no indication from any government agency to support these claims , nor are they reflected in the range of charges that Guccifer already faces and that prompted his extradition in the first place . ”	32	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Read : Why oil could plunge to $ 20 a barrel , but probably not $ 10	5	movement.transportartifact.n/a
“ That is why I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again . ”	6	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
" It was advantageous for the defeated Yanukovych ’s team to find a guilty one , " Pavlovsky told PolitiFact .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
She 's added to her significant delegate lead , leading Sanders by about 300 pledged delegates , 1,132 to 818 , according to The Associated Press .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
“ Bill Clinton made a million dollars talking to a Russian bank that was negotiating the purchase of a uranium company in North America , who had to approve that ?	16	transaction.transferownership.n/a
In the Atlantic interview , she placed the blame for Israel ’s 2014 massacre in Gaza squarely with the Palestinians .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The horror generated by the image of Omran echoes the anguished global response to pictures of Aylan Kurdi , the drowned Syrian boy whose body was found on a beach in Turkey .	20	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
For example , in 1991 , 47,276 Jews immigrated to Israel from Russia , while 10,196 left to resettle in the United States , according to Mark Tolts , a demographics researcher at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .	8	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Nixon himself is thought to have used a backchannel to officials in Vietnam to forestall their participation in a peace agreement , telling them they 'd get a better deal with him when he was elected .	20	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
( Nick Miroff ) Pakistan ’s government announced that it is giving a $ 3 million grant to the “ University of Jihad , ” agreeing to subsidize one of the world ’s most controversial Islamist institutions even as the country vows to crack down on havens for the Islamic State .	16	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
A combination of American and allied airstrikes , as well as military support for fighters on the ground , has caused the group , also known as ISIS or ISIL , to lose territory .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Since 1950 , the U.S. has accounted for about 75 percent of the Philippines ’ arms imports , according to a database from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute .	16	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Russian President Vladimir Putin urged both sides to stop fighting and " show restraint " , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was quoted as saying by Russian news agencies .	4	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Supporters have cheered Pence 's focus on tax cuts and credit him with signing into law one of the largest tax deals in state history .	13	government.legislate.legislate
In one surpassingly bizarre exchange , he suggested that perhaps the hacker probing U.S. computer systems might be “ somebody on a bed who weighs 400 pounds . ” Clinton could only smile .	7	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
And we ’ve done the same thing about Ukraine , but more than launching protests , we ’ve put punishing economic sanctions on Russia that we need to continue .	21	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
She had given a harrowing telephone interview to BBC radio from Homs just days before her death .	5	contact.collaborate.correspondence
[ 23 starve to death in besieged Syrian town , medical charity says ]	2	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
In April 2014 he gave persuasive evidence that , in an attempt to frame Assad , Erdoğan provided extremist Sunni militias with the crudely concocted poison gas that exploded in a Damascus suburb the previous August .	28	conflict.attack.bombing
The U.S. hopes that tighter sanctions can force impoverished North Korea to return to long - stalled negotiations on providing aid in exchange for denuclearization , but there appears to be little prospect of their resumption because of Pyongyang 's determination to have nuclear weapons .	19	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
This deters them from launching wars or any other kind of military adventurism in an American - aligned state .	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The authorities took more than an hour to get the blaze under control , the emergencies ministry said .	10	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
How would it look , just as Nato defence ministers met to strengthen their forces in the Baltic , in Poland and around the Black Sea , if one of their members was helping a Russian task group on its way to a conflict where many Nato governments have accused Moscow of carrying out war crimes through its indiscriminate bombing ?	49	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
But what also seems to have played an outsized role in kindling the five - year horror show , according to scholars , is the worst drought in Syria ’s recorded history — a drought that forced millions off the farm and into crowded cities , battered food production , and exacerbated an already terrible water shortage .	46	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
A Republican , Powell said he never discussed classified information over his private account .	7	contact.discussion.correspondence
You know , they enacted all of the above , which has been basically " drill , baby , drill " on steroids .	4	government.legislate.legislate
In truth , refugees are n’t entirely fleeing ISIS ; they are tragically immigrating into the very NATO countries that ironically are bombing their homeland , only to face more violence from anti - immigrant far - right nationalists .	13	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
At any point during the firefight did the current rules of engagement restrict the immediate use of assets on hand ?	5	conflict.attack.firearmattack
The last time Scott Kelly came home from the ISS , it was two months after Giffords had been the victim of a near - fatal assassination attempt .	25	life.die.n/a
According to industry stats obtained by the newspaper , one of the main reasons for the drop has been a decrease in demand across the West and , most dramatically , in Ukraine .	4	transaction.transferownership.n/a
But the claim of only 100 or so civilians slain seems almost laughably low .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Even worse is that Lafarge was recently accused of secretly sponsoring the Islamic State ( ISIS ) , paying taxes to the terrorist organization to operate its cement plant in Syria and the company has even bought oil from ISIS .	36	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Not all damage is reversible .	2	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
“ My mother has always been there for our family and brings the same commitment to all the families she represents in Congress , ” Caity says in the ad before listing Comstock ’s accomplishments on Congress on human trafficking , heroin and other issues .	39	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Reuters reported in December 2014 on how Russia blocked a request by the United States , Britain and France for the UN to sack the Russian chief - of - staff of the UN - African Union peacekeeping mission .	23	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova says Moscow is demanding “ full and detailed explanations about whether this was deliberate support of the Islamic State or another mistake . ” Zakharova was quoted by the state news agency Tass as saying that “ after today ’s attack on the Syrian army , we come to the terrible conclusion that the White House is defending the Islamic State . ” The U.S. military says it halted an air raid against IS in eastern Syria after it was informed by Russia that it might have struck Syrian troops .	9	contact.commandorder.meet
Earlier on April 15 , North Korea 's military attempted a launch from a mobile launching system , but it exploded shortly after liftoff .	20	conflict.attack.bombing
Read more : Teacher sacked ' for calling Muslim schoolboy terrorist after he complained about detention '	4	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Kaine made the remarks on the first day of North Carolina 's early voting period , and prefaced them by attacking the state legislature 's passage of a voter ID bill that was struck down by federal courts after a lawsuit found evidence that its advocates wanted to suppress the black vote .	45	contact.requestadvise.n/a
The second victim , 82 , was also stabbed multiple times and is in the department for heart surgery . She does n’t need surgery , but is being closely monitored due to a preexisting heart condition . ”Meanwhile , Rosenfeld said , security has been heightened throughout the capital , and will continue at elevated levels throughout the holiday . “All public areas will have additional police units deployed and nothing will be left to chance , as the city observes Remembrance Day and Independence Day , ” he said . Last October , the Armon Hanatziv / East Talpiot neighborhood made international headlines after two terrorists from Jebl Mukaber stormed an Egged bus and stabbed and shot four victims to death before being killed by police . To stymie the deadly violence between the Arab and Jewish communities , police temporarily set up a concrete wall and checkpoint around Jebl Mukaber , which was soon taken down amid protests by human rights groups . Near the scene of Tuesday ’s attack , a cross - section of residents expressed shock and indignation that the assailants preyed on women in their 80s . Meir Shahar , 67 , a longtime resident of Armon Hanatziv/ East Talpiot said young Arab residents from Jebl Mukaber have long intimidated and terrorized Jews living in his neighborhood , but said he was stunned that defenseless elderly women were stabbed in the back . “These are old women ! ” he said with clear revulsion .	24	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Vice presidential debates matter even less .	2	contact.discussion.meet
“ Instead of discussing Clinton ’s hate to ordinary Americans , Clinton ’s order to assassinate Assange etc , you discuss whether Russians are involved .	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
A black politician in South Africa has called for a revolution to end “ white supremacy ” of landownership with a “ land grab ” – a move similar to Robert Mugabe ’s policy in Zimbabwe .	22	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The town hall format allowed Trump to stalk the stage , lurking behind Clinton as she answered questions , and he muscled his way into directly confronting the Democratic nominee on issues such as her emails and her modest record of accomplishment in Congress .	35	contact.collaborate.n/a
The paper ’s decision to publish the ad met with criticism online , with frequent comparison to a hypothetical ad denying the Holocaust .	22	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
But given how long it has taken to just discuss the funding in and of itself , I find it hard to imagine a scenario in which there is n’t a protracted debate about the pay - fors .	11	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
It also carried out impish attacks like the hacking of Russian Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev ’s Twitter account in August 2014 , when his 2.5 million followers thought they saw him tweet : “ I ’m resigning .	36	personnel.endposition.n/a
Monday morning , the Trump campaign was in full spin mode trying to pretend that Trump and Pence did n’t openly disagree on whether or not the United States should consider using military force against the regime of Bashar al - Assad to stop the slaughter of civilians in Aleppo .	45	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
By getting these sanctions in place and despite constant fear mongering and war cries from neo - Conservatives , Iran eventually did come to the negotiating table and the Obama administration was able to work out its historic Iran Deal in a case where diplomacy proved to be the correct course of action .	25	contact.discussion.correspondence
“ We are cooperating with federal law enforcement with respect to their ongoing investigation . ”	13	justice.investigate.n/a
However , Obama continued to collaborate behind the scenes with Russia to achieve an agreement to constrain Iran ’s nuclear program — to the dismay of the neocons who wanted instead to bomb - bomb - bomb Iran on their way to seeking another “ regime change . ”	36	conflict.attack.bombing
Trump ’s web of ties to Putin , who has a record of attempting to manipulate foreign elections , looks even more dangerous considering his green light to Russia to annex the Baltic NATO states .	30	government.formation.mergegpe
But for now , with Putin and his aides heaping outsize attention on the peninsula ( they flew in again last month to inspect construction of a Crimea - to - Russia bridge ) , there is a palpable sense among many here that the place is on the verge of a development boom .	23	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
One of the “ overarching plotlines ” Rhodes crafted credited Hassan Rouhani ’s election in June with signaling a new willingness of Iranians to negotiate that the Obama administration then embraced .	24	contact.discussion.meet
While this has been talked about in the government and among experts , this is the first time India has openly chided Russia for its flirtations with Pakistan . In the UN , the Pakistani diplomat trod a beaten path by offering a set of " proposals " that have long been rejected by India - " simultaneous application of IAEA safeguards on all nuclear facilities and bilateral arrangement for their reciprocal inspections , simultaneous accession to NPT , regional CTBT " etc .	72	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
And look , the fact that those talks convened , and the fact that there was , at least for several weeks , a cessation of hostilities that largely held , was a testament to the efforts of the United States and our ability to persuade the Russians to influence the Assad regime .	8	contact.discussion.meet
Guandolo emphasized , “ All MSAs should all be shut down and their leadership imprisoned .	14	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Inspections : International monitors will be able to carry out a comprehensive programme of inspection of Iran 's nuclear facilities .	14	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Never before has one major - party U.S. presidential candidate threatened to jail his or her opponent .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The protesters marched to the Turkish and Azeri embassies in center of the Greek capital waving Armenian flags and carrying signs reading : “ Truth will Triumph,”“Azerbaijan Land of Crimes , ” and “ Hands off Armenia . ”	2	movement.transportperson.n/a
But the Kurds have objected vociferously to using Turkish troops or Turkish - backed Syrian rebels : They believe Turkey will intentionally select territory that would obstruct PYD military advances .	26	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The regiments – named Tipu Sultan , Maharana Pratap and Aurangazeb – will be positioned in the eastern Ladakh region , where temperaturescould plunge to -45 degree during winter .	23	movement.transportperson.n/a
And maybe indicted on exposing or compromising classified material .	2	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
But that is precisely the privileged stances that have allowed black people to continue to be murdered and disproportionately incarcerated at the hands of an unjust government and judicial system that does not value their lives .	19	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Perhaps out of sheer spite for his selected number two ’s echoing the opinion of a woman he has vowed to imprison if elected , Trump admitted that he has n’t “ spoken ” to Pence and “ disagrees ” with this policy .	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Iran was allowed to make a deal with the International Atomic Energy Agency to inspect itself , and the terms of this deal were never turned over to Congress as the Corker - Cardin law required .	14	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The candidate himself repeatedly made the case after the Orlando massacre that the appropriate reaction is a ban on all Muslims entering the country , combined with " extreme vetting " that questions about an immigrant 's ideology .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
A senior Obama administration official said of the ceasefire : “ We do n't know if it can be salvaged ” .	8	government.agreements.violateagreement
Russia 's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with " This is for Paris " found response in Obama administration 's trend to sign American bombs with " Return to sender "	5	conflict.attack.bombing
" It has lost the centre of Manbij , it has lost control of Manbij , " he said . Since fighting for Manbij began , US - led strikes have taken out more than 50 of IS 's heavy weapons and destroyed more than 600 fortified fighting positions , Trowbridge said . But the job of clearing the city will be complicated after the jihadists left behind hundreds of mines and booby traps , he added . Syria 's conflict erupted in March 2011 and has since killed more than 290,000 people and drawn in world powers on all sides of the war . On Friday Russian and Syrian jets pounded rebel positions in and around second city Aleppo . The raids came despite a pledge by Russia to observe a three - hour daily ceasefire in Aleppo to allow for humanitarian aid deliveries .	136	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
But the Democrats wo n’t pass it , because they rely on fear to intimidate your vote , which tells you they are not your friend .	14	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Because if Russian S-300 and S-400 air defense systems start shooting down U.S. military aircraft , that could set off a chain of events that may be unstoppable .	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
A federal judge denied Democrats ’ request to issue an injunction against the Republican National Committee for violating a long - standing consent decree that bans the RNC from carrying out a range of poll - watching activities .	10	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Band claims in the memo that from 2006 to 2011 , he and a colleague , Justin Cooper , raised $ 46 million for the Foundation through the Clinton Global Initiative , an annual networking conference that is one of the Foundation 's big sources of income .	46	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
At one point , Rabadanov had been detained for keeping explosives at his home , according to his father , Suleiban Rabadanov , but had been released shortly afterwards and placed under house arrest instead .	7	movement.transportartifact.n/a
" As with any allegation we receive , we will review any information we have about the incident ... such as the proximity of the location " to coalition air strikes , it wrote in an email to AFP .	30	conflict.attack.bombing
One of them , General Samih Battikhi , ran the GID from 1995 to 2000 and was convicted of being part of scheme to obtain bank loans of around $ 600 m for fake government contracts and pocketing about $ 25 m .	26	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
More than 20 nations , including France and Russia , have already recognised the massacre as a genocide , but Thursday ’s vote comes at a particularly awkward time .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Although hackers have breached online voter registration databases in Illinois and Arizona , Homeland Security and the Director of National Intelligence took pains to reassure the public that the chance of the actual presidential election being hijacked is minuscule .	36	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Initially , Assange slept on an inflatable mattress donated by embassy staff , who are described as having become ‘ like family ’ to him .	8	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
The average fatality rate for the 28 EU countries is 0.114 with a 95 % confidence Interval of -.0244 to .253 .	2	life.die.n/a
U.S. State Department spokesperson John Kirby stressed Monday night that the Obama administration does not consider the Golan Heights to be part of Israel , one day after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed they " will forever remain under Israeli sovereignty . "	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
“ Liberals are now quite deranged and applaud a woman who will crush their feeble agenda as soon as she says the oath of office . ”	22	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
We are discovering from her unsecured and once - deleted correspondence more evidence of negligence and unethical behavior — from crossover business between State Department operatives and the Clinton Foundation to quid pro quo favors and discussions about a U.S. informant who was later executed by the Iranian government .	44	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Unions demanded bigger wage increases , while a temporary tax cut on new car purchases was canceled in late July .	14	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Kaine made the remarks on the first day of North Carolina 's early voting period , and prefaced them by attacking the state legislature 's passage of a voter ID bill that was struck down by federal courts after a lawsuit found evidence that its advocates wanted to suppress the black vote .	13	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Nato , he said , did not want an escalation , but enhanced political dialogue with Russia .	14	contact.discussion.correspondence
Another 1,140 people were wounded .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" China has indisputable sovereignty over the Spratly islands and nearby waters , " China ’s Foreign Ministry said in a faxed statement on Wednesday .	21	contact.collaborate.correspondence
" The pilot , called Azzam Eid , from Hama was captured after he fell by parachute near the site where his plane crashed east of Damascus , " the news agency Amaq said .	11	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Russian airports have a patchy safety history with the fatal private jet crash in 2014 that killed Total oil giant ’s boss Christophe de Margerie on take - off in Moscow one of a string of incidents .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Extreme poverty is at historic lows , hunger and infant mortality are plummeting , life expectancy is going up , war is on the decline , education is more available , homicide rates are down , etc .	31	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
What ’s more , I hope and expect that US refusal to extradite CIA stooge Gulen will help the AKP and its allies turn Turkey into a truly independent democratic Islamic republic like Iran , just as Carter ’s refusal to extradite the Shah helped consolidate the original democratic Islamic republic .	41	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
“ It would require some combination of more borrowing , offsetting spending cuts elsewhere , or tax increases — none of which have been politically viable for the past five years . "	8	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
“ Mitch ’s answer was textbook , ” beamed one Republican senator , discussing his appearance on “ Meet the Press . ”	13	contact.discussion.n/a
The Syrian government 's military campaign came as the U.N. struggled to convene the first peace talks in two years in Geneva , where opposition representatives are seeking a halt to attacks on civilian areas , the release of detainees and a lifting of blockades .	12	contact.discussion.correspondence
Should the Russians have capitulated to save lives , journalists asked .	4	conflict.yield.surrender
The risk of the global economy being battered by a “ perfect storm ” in 2016 has been highlighted by the World Bank in a flagship report that warns that a synchronised slowdown in the biggest emerging markets could be intensified by a fresh bout of financial turmoil .	7	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Instead , it was intended to remove the excuse used by the international community -- led by the United States and Russia -- to " bombard and displace Muslims ... under the pretense of targeting Jabhat al Nusra . "	25	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Meanwhile , thousands of people packed Lake Eola Park in Florida Sunday evening for a vigil to honor the victims of the shooting .	22	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
On Obama 's side of the aisle , for example , more than a few left - wing Democrats are urging their colleagues to stop Obamatrade .	20	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Video by Jasper Colt and Caleb Calhoun , USA TODAY 13 of 22 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE THE PANAMA PAPERS ' Panama Papers ' force Iceland 's PM to resign | 0:39 After leaked files showed the premier 's wife owned an offshore firm with big claims on Iceland 's collapsed banks , the deputy head of his party said on Tuesday Iceland Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson will step down .	33	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Clinton 's debate prep sessions Saturday went late into the night , with her motorcade only returning to her Chappaqua , New York , home at 11:45 p.m.	2	contact.negotiate.meet
BEIRUT Tens of thousands of Syrians fled an intensifying Russian assault around Aleppo on Friday , and aid workers said they feared the major city could soon fall under a full government siege .	6	movement.transportperson.n/a
You 've seen a vast expansion of the surveillance state in the U.S. , and in Canada as well through Bill C-51 .	8	government.spy.spy
" I promise you that we will , we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton — if she were president — would put up , " the Arizona Republican told a Philadelphia radio station on Monday .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
— Trump reiterated his constant excuse for refusing to show his income tax returns , insisting an IRS audit prevents it .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Horrific images of surgeries being carried out on floors slick with blood in makeshift clinics and reports of amputations carried out because there is n’t time to save limbs have shocked the world and led the UK , US and France to accuse Russia of war crimes for its complicity in bombing built - up civilian areas .	3	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Any literate , rational and inquiring person can see the campaign ’s disinformation demolished by making a few clicks .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Plans to evacuate several hundred rebels from the last opposition - held district of Homs city have also overshadowed the agreement , with rebels saying it would amount to the government declaring the ceasefire over .	2	movement.transportperson.n/a
Suffolk University conducted its latest sampling of 500 likely voters in Iowa via telephone interviews from Aug. 8 to 10 .	13	contact.collaborate.n/a
With Russian backing , the Assad regime has been carrying out more conventional massacres as well .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
“ This post is both false and intentionally misleading , ” Husted , a Republican , said of the article posted on christiantimesnewspaper.com .	8	contact.prevarication.broadcast
“ Vladimir Putin is violating the sovereignty of neighboring countries .	4	government.agreements.violateagreement
Critics of the sanctuary laws say such policies encourage people to immigrate to the U.S. illegally at the expense of citizens .	11	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The Muslim ban , the David Duke denial , the “ Mexican ” judge flap , the draft dodger denigrating John McCain ’s military service , the son of privilege attacking an immigrant Gold Star mother and the constant revisionism and lying about past political positions taken are but a few of the lowlights that have punctuated Donald Trump ’s chaotic chase for the presidency .	41	contact.prevarication.n/a
And he urged his counterparts at the meeting to " refrain from emotional comments . "	2	contact.requestadvise.meet
Russia on Friday failed to win re - election at the UN Human Rights Council during a vote that capped a campaign by rights groups to reject Moscow over its role in the war in Syria . The UN General Assembly elected Hungary and Croatia instead to represent eastern Europe at the rights council , in a major upset for Moscow which has been a member for all but one year since the council was set up in 2006.The 193 member - states voted to fill 14 seats at the 47-nation council , which is tasked with monitoring and investigating rights violations worldwide . More than 80 human rights and aid organizations had urged UN member - states to vote Russia off the council for its military support of President Bashar al - Assad in the war in Syria . Russia has been accused by western powers and rights groups of indiscriminate bombings in the monthlong Syrian government operation to seize rebel - held eastern Aleppo . Some 250,000 civilians in east Aleppo have been living under siege since July and food rations are expected to run out soon , the United Nations has warned . Russia picked up 112 votes , while Croatia won 114 and Hungary 144 .	113	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Trump , though , left open the possibility Wednesday of simply recognizing Crimea as Russian territory and even perhaps lifting related sanctions .	21	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
When all is said and done , despite his strongly pro - Israel rhetoric , Cruz , like Trump , advocates for a new version of fortress America .	20	contact.requestadvise.n/a
The city 's residences represent the largest community in Syria under siege ( but you wo n't read much about them ) and can only receive limited supplies via air ( meaning that with the humanitarian 's no - fly zone its inhabitants would starve and be overrun by ISIS ) .	27	movement.transportartifact.n/a
And people in Europe are actually being arrested for advocating a boycott of Israel .	11	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Francis offered an unvarnished assessment of Mexico ’s troubles , including the country ’s “ drug trade , exclusion of different cultures , violence and human trafficking . ” ( Joshua Partlow and Gabriela Martinez ) In Cuba , Francis met with Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill -- the first time two such leaders have met in centuries .	54	contact.collaborate.n/a
Voting rights lawyers have filed suit against North Carolina and three counties on behalf of the state 's NAACP chapter over what they allege is an illegal purge of the voter rolls .	0	government.vote.violationspreventvote
" Voting is underway , so the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately , " Clinton said at a brief news conference in Des Moines , Iowa , adding it was " imperative that the bureau explain this issue in question , whatever it is , without any delay . "	1	government.vote.castvote
Khomeini had authorized Beheshti to meet with the generals , Yazdi confirmed .	5	contact.collaborate.meet
He set off a bomb outside an open - air music festival in the city of Ansbach after he was denied entry .	20	movement.transportperson.prevententry
“ If this amendment were enacted , the Intelligence Community would not be able to look through information lawfully collected under FISA Section 702 to see if Omar Siddiqui Mateen , the Orlando nightclub attacker , was in contact with any terrorist groups outside the United States , ” Reps . Devin Nunes and Lynn Westmoreland wrote in a letter to colleagues about the amendment sponsored by Reps . Tom Massie and Zoe Lofgren .	5	government.legislate.legislate
Chris Christie , in his Star Chamber presentation to the convention Tuesday night , held a mock trial to “ hold Hillary Rodham Clinton accountable . ”	17	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Firing Lewandowski = big move by @realDonaldTrump 2 overhaul campaign .	0	personnel.endposition.n/a
Any reforms a President Sanders would pursue would have to be extremely watered - down versions of what he preaches on the stump , which washes away any competitive advantage he would have over a President Clinton or Biden on domestic issues .	19	contact.mediastatement.n/a
WHO still hopes to be able to evacuate sick and wounded from Aleppo , she said .	7	movement.transportperson.n/a
The four lawsuits , filed Monday , charge that state parties in Arizona , Nevada , Ohio and Pennsylvania are teaming up with the Trump campaign and Stone to raise unfounded fears about voter fraud and intimidate minority voters .	36	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
In 40 years of public policy involvement , Clinton has never advocated cutting any government program except defense .	11	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Turkey charges that Syrian Kurdish fighters , known as the People ’s Protection Units , or YPG , share the PKK ’s goal of establishing a separate political entity in Kurdish regions of Turkey , Syria and Iraq .	1	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Mirwas Mahmoodi , a 21-year - old Afghan migrant , listened in desperation to some who promised to make a fake ID and put him on a plane to enter Germany “ legally ” if he paid € 8,000 .	36	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Trump had previously called for a temporary ban on Muslim foreigners entering the United States and suggested that U.S. Middle East allies need to shoulder more of the cost of American military involvement in the region .	16	contact.requestadvise.meet
Western sanctions over the Kremlin 's support for the separatist insurgency in Ukraine have all but closed access to foreign borrowing for Russia and exacerbated the crisis .	20	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
You do n’t have the right to demand people keep their opinions about your lifestyle to themselves , especially if you ’re open and public about it .	7	contact.commandorder.correspondence
He opposed social programs and wanted to abolish Social Security .	7	government.legislate.legislate
Life behind bars in Klong Prem Central prison , where Justo is incarcerated , is not for the fainthearted .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Clinton : " It 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated . "	43	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill MORE ( R - Ky . ) urged senators to support Cornyn ’s measure , saying Democrats should resist pushing “ a partisan agenda or [ crafting ] the next 30-second campaign ad . ”	22	contact.commandorder.broadcast
" A nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself , " Obama declared to the assembled representatives of the UN 's member states .	8	movement.transportperson.preventexit
“ When they reference burials and your family in the same email , and telling you that you ’re being watched , that ’s concerning , ” Craig Dunn , a Trump critic who was elected this past weekend as a Republican delegate from Indiana ’s 4th Congressional District .	4	contact.funeralvigil.meet
The explosion took place near the center of Yerevan , less than half a mile from the site of a memorial to the Armenian genocide and a conference hall complex where Hollywood A - lister George Clooney awarded a new humanitarian prize just 24 hours earlier .	1	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
All politics , of course ; China steals our jobs , and no one , let alone a woman , wants to stand with people who drowned baby girls in buckets .	26	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Speaking on Premier 's News Hour he said : " I thought of it and I prayed for three days and I said : ' well , who live and pray and preach here ? '	32	contact.mediastatement.n/a
China offers sweet deals to retiring officials .	5	personnel.endposition.quitretire
He says he wo n’t buy Carrier air conditioners after the company moved to Mexico .	5	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Back then Trump threatened endless litigation unless 70 banks he owed money gave him millions more in new loans at low interest rates and provided him with $ 5.4 million a year for personal spending , the equivalent of $ 10 million in today ’s money .	18	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
" Trump personally contributed $ 3.8 million and forgave another $ 45.7 million he had previously loaned the committee .	16	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
His trial showed that he had also arranged for money to be smuggled in private cars from Iraq into Jordan and had been involved in sellingJordanian citizenship to Iraqi businessmen .	1	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
We have seen the lengths to which Trump will go to threaten and intimidate his enemies , armed mainly with social media .	13	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Thus , many were appalled when , at NBC ’s Commander - in - Chief Forum last month , Trump stated with apparent admiration how Putin “ has very strong control over a country ” and declared him “ a leader , far more than our president has been . ” When host Matt Lauer pointed out that Putin “ annexed Crimea , invaded Ukraine , supports Assad in Syria , supports Iran ” and asked , “ Do you want to be complimented by that former KGB officer ? ” Trump was unfazed .	63	conflict.attack.invade
Related Hillary 's New Deal : How a Clinton Presidency Could Transform America While Trump 's rise wrecks the GOP , Clinton 's success marks the resilience of the Democratic center	17	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
One of her foreign policy advisers , Jeremy Bash , said she would seek to end Bashar al - Assad ’s “ murderous ” regime despite waning political will to oust the autocratic Syrian President .	30	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Moscow has so far constructed a minimum of three satellite monitoring systems in the Antarctic , the Times reports , with future bases planned .	4	manufacture.artifact.build
“ This ruling is a victory for Kansas voters and a stinging rebuke of Secretary Kobach ’s repeated efforts to improperly use his authority to obstruct their access to the ballot , ” said Sophia Lakin , a lawyer with the ACLU , which brought the case .	25	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
She will address income inequality and wage stagnation and will work to create jobs .	3	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
But Trump has been resolute , proclaiming he would never quit and attacking Ryan in a tweet soon after that statement .	10	personnel.endposition.quitretire
A Russian official has said his country could boycott next year ’s Eurovision song contest after a Ukrainian singer claimed the top prize with a song that has been interpreted as criticizing Russia ’s annexation of Crimea in 2014 .	8	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Canada is our biggest export market , with $ 337 billion in goods and services exports in 2015 .	15	movement.transportartifact.n/a
It ’s too late for Hillary to be sucking up to the hiring committee , reminding them , but I took driver ’s ed seven times — yes , there were mistakes , but I was grilled for 11 hours about that vehicular homicide .	43	life.die.n/a
" Having previously suggested an investigation into supposed Israeli organ harvesting which is the modern - day incarnation of the mediaeval antisemitic blood libel , she is now suggesting that British Jews are the ones with unacceptable opinions on Israel .	5	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Graham , who last month urged Republicans to rescind their endorsements of the nominee , said he hopes Trump will " correct " his remarks in his speech at the Republican National Convention on Thursday night .	5	contact.requestadvise.meet
Of the nearly 1,000 attacks , 76 were attempted arson .	9	conflict.attack.setfire
A Clinton TV ad made the misleading claim that “ in the last seven years drug prices have doubled . ” To support that claim , her campaign cited a report that said brand - name drug prices , on average , have more than doubled in that time .	6	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Snowden echoed the claim during his digital talk with Suskind , telling the crowd that he planned to donate part of his fee to the press organization — a San Francisco nonprofit whose stated mission is to “ support and defend journalism dedicated to transparency and accountability . ” Other board members of the Freedom of the Press Foundation include Greenwald and Poitras , both of whom received the initial cache of NSA documents from Snowden .	18	transaction.transaction.n/a
Though the fate of convicts of these computer - related crimes is hardly a focal point of any presidential candidate ’s platform , all of the remaining 2016 nominees have commented on Snowden .	4	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
A rival motion proposed by Russia was also rejected at the meeting calling for a fresh ceasefire but did not explicitly mention the bombing .	11	contact.collaborate.n/a
As Matthew churns toward U.S. , more than 1 million ordered evacuated in S.C.	11	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Hours earlier , he told The New York Times he found nothing sacred about America 's decades - old pledge to defend any NATO member whose borders are threatened by Russia .	28	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Carter Page , a former Merrill Lynch executive who previously advised the Russian state energy giant Gazprom , just gave a lecture chiding the U.S. for an “ often - hypocritical focus on democratization , inequality , corruption and regime change ” in its dealings with Russia , China and Central Asia .	10	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
" In the name of France , once more , I am expressing my solidarity , but also our affection ... for all those people who learned that a loved one , or even an entire family , have drowned in the sea - and who want to know , to know to be able to grieve .	39	life.die.n/a
external controls on immigration and asylum rendered the open - borders pact suddenly unworkable .	5	movement.transportperson.n/a
He has long been an advocate for normalizing relations with Cuba and for reviving a good - neighbor policy in the hemisphere .	5	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Wada said officials in Russia were being stopped from testing athletes and threatened by security services .	12	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Assange has said he fears he would be extradited to the United States to face espionage charges if he were to step outside the Ecuadorian Embassy .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
WASHINGTON , D.C. — Republican California Rep. Darrell Issa said that there is enough evidence to indict Hillary Clinton for mishandling national security information on her private email server .	16	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
On another front , Uranium One Chairman Ian Telfer donated a total of $ 2.35 million to the foundation – and the New York Times reported that former President Clinton once received $ 500,000 for a speech in Moscow from a company promoting Uranium One stock .	9	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The French supporters prepare to hurl more objects at the the English fans congregated at the bar	5	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
Those charges were repeated by her vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine during a debate with Pence on Tuesday .	1	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
One of the Americans was incapacitated and brought to a Western medical clinic in the city for treatment , and to have blood and tissue samples taken in order to determine precisely what caused the sudden illness .	36	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
" Imagine an internet run like many Middle Eastern countries that punish what they deem to be blasphemy , or imagine an internet run like China or Russia , [ which ] punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	34	movement.transportperson.preventexit
His catch - and - release policy for illegal border - crossers , as well as his ban on deporting young aliens brought here by their illegal - immigrant parents , are imperial , antidemocratic edicts that might have sparked impeachment proceedings , had not Congress ’s silly move to impeach Bill Clinton for lying about his sex games with an intern tainted that weapon for years to come .	41	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Democrats have accused Russia of coordinating the release of the emails to benefit Donald Trump 's campaign .	2	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Trump did not arm ISIS and systematically exterminate Christians throughout the Middle East .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Boris Johnson , the London mayor and the leading advocate of a British exit from the EU ( known as Brexit ) , has tried to fight off comparisons with the Republican frontrunner for his populist style , bulky frame and unruly mop of hair .	9	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
The court said the government was trying to silence Khodorkovsky , who was using his riches to fund opposition parties to Putin .	17	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The removal - of - records charge Keyser admitted to is one some conservative lawyers have urged be leveled at Clinton .	16	contact.commandorder.n/a
Witnesses said anyone who fell to the floor was kicked repeatedly .	9	life.injure.n/a
A People ’s PAC could be formally launched at the Democratic National Convention and promoted by advocates to a national audience throughout the convention and beyond .	16	contact.requestadvise.n/a
The Turkish military operation in Syria and ways to cooperate in providing aid to civilians in the city of Aleppo were discussed during the talks in Istanbul on Monday , Erdogan said .	11	transaction.transferownership.n/a
In a few days , he had appointed a rival prime minister .	7	personnel.startposition.n/a
Leaked emails refer to Bill 's penchant for ' dicking bimbos ' 20 years since the Monica Lewinsky affair threatened to bring down his presidency - and voters wo n't forget easily	19	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
The Syrian war has already divided Lebanon , not least because so many Hezbollah men have perished in Syria .	16	life.die.n/a
I ’m no Johnny come lately when it comes to voting for Jill Stein for I was impressed by her and also voted for her in 2012 ~ see VT column endorsing Jill in 2012 but I ’m thrilled by the manner in which my fellow New Englander has picked up the battered Progressive grassroots banner and made her stand last week outside the rigged Democratic Convention as well as enlisted the alternative press to state her case for Progressive values , like Real News Today and the Young Turks ( TYT ) , See video ~	52	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
“ One went to punch me , I ducked and punched him back to defend myself .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Yet Iran has also taken steps to abide by the treaty , including its shipment to Russia of nearly all of its stockpile of low - enriched uranium .	14	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
He appealed for a new shipment of flares to be sent , somehow , to the distant outpost .	5	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Between the end of the funeral and the beginning of Shabbat , Netanyahu is expected to hold a series of diplomatic meetings with several of the visiting international leaders .	5	contact.funeralvigil.meet
The Soviet Union made “ parasitism ” a criminal offense before the law was abolished in the 1990s amid the political and economic liberalization undertaken by Mikhail Gorbachev .	14	government.legislate.legislate
The suspect apparently shouted “ Allah Akbar ” while stabbing a man and woman .	9	conflict.attack.stabbing
Until women are granted such rights , there can be no eradicating of inequality because the lack of such rights means that women will never gain full access to everything they need .	11	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Around 9,200 people have died and more than 21,000 been injured since the revolt against Ukraine 's pro - Western leadership erupted in eastern Ukraine in April 2014 .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The software , a set of digital tools , is being auctioned by a group that says it stole the cyber weapons from another group allegedly linked to the NSA .	11	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The document , which the University of Cambridge 's Churchill Archives Centre confirmed was authentic , was smuggled in to the UK by a defector called Vasily Mitrokhin .	17	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
The bill ’s tier system for how well or poorly countries protect religious freedom would be similar to the one used in the annual State Department report on human trafficking .	29	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
-- U.S. Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun promised “ further action ” will be taken against Ryan Lochte and his three U.S. swimming teammates who fabricated a story about being robbed .	30	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
CrowdStrike , a company hired to investigate the breach on the DNC , said groups codenamed Fancy Bear and Cozy Bear were behind the infiltrations .	6	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Why do they accept promises of " less war " in place of guarantees of " no war ? "	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
It means the virtual end of the Quadrilateral Coordination Group ( QCG , including US , Pakistan , China and Afghanistan ) , which was set up to get Pakistan to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table . But Pakistan is the real target of Afghanistan because they believe all Taliban / Haqqani network attacks are carried out with Pakistan 's support .	36	contact.discussion.correspondence
10/15 Germany Workers unload a dummy grenade	3	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
February 28 , 2016 - ISIS ' affiliate in the Sinai desert in Egypt claims that a series of attacks in the cities of al - Arish and Sheikh Zuweid killed and wounded more than 10 members of the security forces , including a police captain shot outside his home .	46	life.die.n/a
The American Family Association , another sponsor of the Values Voter Summit , likewise backed Texas in the Lawrence case , writing in the amicus brief that a law like Texas ’ could prevent the “ injury caused to the public by same - sex sodomy ” and would even protect the gay people it targeted by sparing them “ illness , disease and death resulting from [ their ] conduct . ” That same year , the AFA published an essay lamenting that the disappearance of sodomy laws showed that “ Judeo - Christian views ” were being abandoned in favor of “ moral relativism . ” In 2011 , then - AFA spokesman Bryan Fischer said that homosexuality should be a “ criminal offense . ”	60	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Mrs Clinton once again tripped up when discussing her use of a private email server as secretary of state .	7	contact.discussion.n/a
" This young man is unknown to French intelligence services , and the judicial authorities for now are leaning towards a possible arms smuggling case , " Thomas Pison , the state prosecutor for Nancy , said by telephone .	23	movement.transportartifact.hide
In an interview with Amy Goodman of Democracy Now , West directly confronts the idea that Stein is a spoiler – a label the Green Party has struggled to shake since Ralph Nader was blamed by many on the left for spoiling the 2000 election in favor of George W. Bush over Al Gore .	2	contact.discussion.correspondence
“ As a coalition partner to fight Daesh [ Isis ] , Turkey has a close dialogue and co - operation with a large number of countries . ”	16	contact.discussion.meet
The list of agents includes , according to the report , a major general in the Israel Defense Forces , since deceased , and three Knesset members .	21	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Putin has talked by telephone U.S. President Barack Obama , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Holland in recent days .	4	contact.collaborate.correspondence
A test - fire of strategic submarine - launched ballistic missile is seen in this undated photo released by North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) in Pyongyang August 25 , 2016 .	3	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine Tim KaineLive coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan Trump supporter who lost tight Va. governor primary weighs Senate run Northam defeats Sanders - backed candidate in Va. gov primary MORE has emerged as the clear favorite a day before Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ?	13	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
Settlement expansion seen as obstacle to peace by EU , but the boycott , divestment , and sanctions ( BDS ) movement unwelcome ( Photo : ISM - NC )	12	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
As many as 20 England fans were injured , with a number taken to hospital , and at least one Briton is understood to be in a critical condition .	7	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
He gave about $ 31,000 in in - kind contributions in the first 19 days of the month — down from the $ 2 million a month in cash he had been donating .	32	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Erdogan wants the United States to extradite Fethullah Gulen , a Turkish cleric who has lived in self - imposed exile in Pennsylvania for 17 years and whose religious movement he blames for staging last month 's failed coup .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
But Curiel 's parents immigrated from Mexico and that , Trump stated , means the judge can not rule in the Trump University lawsuits fairly .	4	movement.transportperson.n/a
The annexation of Crimea in 2014 was seen as both a power grab and a land grab by Mr. Putin .	15	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
They will deliver safe and predictable votes on everything from women 's and civil rights to stemming environmental abuses .	6	government.legislate.legislate
Three crew and two officers from Russia 's Reconciliation Center died , according to a Kremlin statement .	10	life.die.n/a
If last week 's brief hostage - taking at sea is any indication , 2016 could bring skirmishing between U.S. and Iranian forces .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Further , all of the political payments directed to me were for my entire political team : campaign staff ( local and international ) , polling and research , election integrity and television advertising .	6	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
India is also in talks with Russia to build four more reactors on top of the two already completed in Kudankulam in southern Tamil Nadu state , as well as with France 's EDF for the construction of six reactors of 1650 MW each in western India , which would be the world 's biggest nuclear power complex .	8	manufacture.artifact.build
The shooting at Pulse Nightclub , which killed 50 people and injured 53 , is the worst mass - shooting event in American history .	19	conflict.attack.firearmattack
But it just bought a bunch of American crude .	3	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
He professes a hard line on China ( “ We ca n’t continue to allow China to rape our country , ” he said in May ) , but , in China , Trump ’s “ America First ” policy has been understood as the lament of a permissive , exhausted America .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
That is worse than any mass public shooting in the US in terms of fatalities and woundings .	14	life.die.n/a
“ He joined the Mujahadim to fight the Russian invasion , but his opposition to Islamic extremism within the freedom fighter movement compelled him to flee to Pakistan in 1980 where he worked with other Afghan refugees , ” it said .	25	movement.transportperson.n/a
" Although Thonmi Sambhota is known to have composed eight texts on Tibetan language and grammar " , he remarked , " only two , dealing with grammar , the Sumchupa and Takyi Jugpa , survive .	8	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
The U.N. agency that provides aid to Palestinians reported that there were 297,500 Palestinians in Area C in 2014 .	4	transaction.transaction.n/a
For the outsider venturing into the area , one may almost feel transported to Guadalajara or Shanghai .	12	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
But whatever else is true , if we are constantly bombarded with images and stories and dramatic narratives highlighting our own side ’s victims , while the victims of our side ’s violence are rendered invisible , it ’s only natural that large numbers of us will conclude that only They , but not We , are committing civilian - killing violence .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
The white Americans most hostile to Latino immigration , by contrast , switched to the GOP — driven in part by negative media coverage of immigration like stories about violent crimes committed by unauthorized immigrants .	29	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump and Cruz clashed heatedly as they battled for the GOP presidential nomination , with attacks often getting personal .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
She flung open the door and was shocked at what she found .	1	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
Great Britain agreed in that treaty to hasten the military assistance of Poland " with all the support and assistance in its power " if Poland were attacked by Germany .	5	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
The WHO could then recommend to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs that cannabis be rescheduled .	4	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
People walk on the rubble of damaged buildings in the rebel held area of al - Kalaseh neighbourhood of Aleppo , Syria , September 29 , 2016 .	1	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
During the same time , some 30,000 people have been denied entry .	10	movement.transportperson.prevententry
In the future , we need to assume that anything leaked could be false , designed to deceive and manipulate .	17	contact.prevarication.n/a
The Politico story said “ Hillary Clinton ’s relationship with Morocco ’s government was pivotal ” in brokering the meeting and noted that “ not long after stepping down in 2013 , Clinton joined her family foundation ’s board , and that same year OCP donated between $ 1 million and $ 5 million to the philanthropy . ” Politico also noted that prior to the donations , “ as protests raged on Moroccan streets , Hillary Clinton in a joint 2011 appearance with Morocco ’s foreign minister praised the king for introducing constitutional reforms and said his country was ‘ well - positioned to lead in this area because it is on the road to achieving democratic change . ’ ” Additionally , Politico reported , in 2012 “ even as the State Department continued to include Morocco in human rights reports and to flag concerns about government corruption , Clinton launched an ongoing U.S.-Morocco strategic dialogue , praising the country as “ a leader and a model . ”	70	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
The United States was slammed over its rights record Monday at the United Nations ’ Human Rights Council , with member nations criticizing the country for police violence and racial discrimination , the Guantánamo Bay Detention Facility and the continued use of the death penalty .	43	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Photos : North Dakota pipeline protests Fireworks lit the sky at the Oceti Sakowin Camp near Cannon Ball , North Dakota on December 4 , 2016 , after the Army Corps of Engineers halted the Dakota Access Pipeline route .	5	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Widespread allegations his forces are using starvation as a weapon of war in sieges on rebel - held areas ?	6	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Europe gets about one - third of its energy supplies from Russia , so any such embargo would deal a severe blow to already struggling European economies .	16	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
This practice considerably heightened the risk of compromise , particularly if Clinton used unencrypted pathways to access her email while abroad , said Jason Straight , chief privacy officer of UnitedLex , which advises corporations on cybersecurity practices .	33	contact.requestadvise.n/a
53/74 Iraq Fighters of the Isis group parade in a commandeered Iraqi security forces armored vehicle down a main road at the northern city of Mosul	10	conflict.attack.n/a
The area in northern Syria around Aleppo , the country 's second - largest city , features not only a war between the Assad government and its opponents , but also periodic battles against Islamic State militants , who control much of eastern Syria and also some territory to the northwest of the city , and long - standing tensions among the ethnic groups that inhabit the area , Arabs , Kurds and Turkmen .	32	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
According to the 2014 data , at the top of the list is Brazil , with a homicide rate 25.5 , or six times the average .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
When Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait , he assembled an international coalition to repel the Iraqi forces , using U.S. military air power and a huge ground army to drive them back , a war financed heavily with the bankrolls of U.S. allies .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
A woman promoting a fur fashion shop in Moscow was shot dead by a resident of the same block who was irate about her constant loudspeaker announcements .	10	life.injure.n/a
Photos : The ISIS terror threat A Kurdish Peshmerga soldier who was wounded in a battle with ISIS is wheeled to the Zakho Emergency Hospital in Duhuk , Iraq , on Tuesday , September 30 .	12	life.injure.n/a
Clinton ’s deception around the Libyan “ no - fly zone ” – as a gateway to yet another brutal U.S.-backed “ regime change ” – also helped poison U.S. relations with Russia and China , which balked at similar U.S. demands for a “ safe zone ” inside Syria , an idea that Clinton has advocated both as Secretary of State and as a presidential candidate .	56	contact.requestadvise.n/a
“ This guy was accused of raping a 12-year - old .	6	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Police have arrested a man on suspicion of trying to assassinate the chief expert witness in the investigation into the downing of the Malaysia Airlines jet MH17 .	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Finally , we will pursue aggressive criminal or immigration charges against anyone who lends material support to terrorism .	13	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
In her acceptance speech Thursday , Clinton urged the public to “ imagine , imagine ” the idea of a Trump presidency , calling him temperamentally unfit .	7	contact.commandorder.n/a
Carson has slammed Cruz 's campaign for wrongly telling Iowa voters that the retired neurosurgeon was dropping out of the race on the night of the caucuses .	13	personnel.endposition.n/a
But that did not stop the accusations from flying on Tuesday – with the opposition Syrian National Coalition ( SNC ) accusing President Bashar al - Assad of being behind the attack .	31	conflict.attack.n/a
“ Turkey is playing not a very clean game , especially with smuggling the Iraqi oil and Syrian oil through the borders and selling it in the black market in Turkey , ” Iraqi MP Mowaffak Al - Rubaie , a former national security adviser , told RT , adding that a recent investigation by the Norwegian authorities exposed Turkey as having ties with Islamic State ’s illegal oil trade .	12	movement.transportartifact.hide
Syrians evacuated from Fuaa and Kafraya , two Shiite villages under rebel siege , are welcomed by pro - government forces as they arrive in Jibrin , on the eastern outskirts of Aleppo .	1	movement.transportperson.n/a
In an interview with NBC , Trump not only stood by his proposed ban on Muslim migration to the US but suggested he might expand it to countries that have suffered terrorist attacks .	21	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Few escape petty hypocrisy when preaching the universal gospel of borderlessness .	5	contact.mediastatement.n/a
That income covers Islamic State 's costs .	1	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Francis offered an unvarnished assessment of Mexico ’s troubles , including the country ’s “ drug trade , exclusion of different cultures , violence and human trafficking . ” ( Joshua Partlow and Gabriela Martinez ) In Cuba , Francis met with Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill -- the first time two such leaders have met in centuries .	26	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
The new “ anti - terrorism ” legislation was signed into law earlier this month by Putin .	9	government.legislate.legislate
Between 2010 and 2015 , the United States effectively gave companies a choice : If they did prohibited business with Iran , like buying oil , they would get cut off from doing any business in the United States .	23	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
According to the 2014 data , at the top of the list is Brazil , with a homicide rate 25.5 , or six times the average .	17	life.die.n/a
But after Kiev blocked freight supplies last year prices soared .	4	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Asked about the removal from the GOP platform a call for supply of lethal weapons to Ukraine for defense purposes , Trump said : “ I was n’t involved in that .	11	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
JUST WATCHED Fierce fighting in Aleppo forces thousands to flee Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fierce fighting in Aleppo forces thousands to flee 02:14	9	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Earlier this week , Rosselkhoznadzor said imports of US corn also face a possible embargo .	14	transaction.transaction.n/a
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim , speaking to state - run Anadolu Agency , says more than 120 people have been arrested in a coup plot .	23	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Police arrived and had to transport 18 of the refugees to local hospitals due to their injuries .	5	movement.transportperson.n/a
( Intelligence officials are investigating whether one of Trump ’s foreign - policy advisers held clandestine meetings with Russian officials . )	4	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
DiGenova ’s investigation cleared Bush and his administration of any wrongdoing , saying the probe “ found no evidence that President Bush was involved in this matter . ”	2	justice.investigate.n/a
The delegates , who included Bina Ahmad , a New York City public defender , were denied entry into Israel and then detained for hours before they were sent back to the United States .	16	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
" We will sell our oil to whoever purchases it at a just price , " Khomeini wrote .	8	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
So , for someone to honestly believe that Bill and Hillary Clinton use their foundation as a front for their international crime ring where they help set up arms deals , support illegal wars and a bunch of other illegal activity — that means they believe that they were capable of getting away with every outlandish conspiracy that they ’ve been accused of for the last 20 + years — but were dumb enough to set up this highly complex international crime organization masquerading as a charity with their name on it where everyone would know that it was their foundation and who was donating to it .	104	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
That rented plane was the one that crashed in rural Virginia , killing both men .	1	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The departures followed a pattern , said Sharapudinov , relatives of the Islamists and former and acting officials : Moscow wanted to eradicate the risk of domestic terror attacks , so intelligence and police officials turned a blind eye to Islamic militants leaving the country .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
FACT : Renaissance Capital , a company staffed by connected Russian officials , pays Bill for a speech in June 2010 .	13	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Crude oil extracted at Syria ’s Deir ez - Zor and Iraq ’s Qayyara oil fields , which remain under under Islamic State control , is being sold for as little as $ 25 per barrel to smugglers , independent Syrian and Iraqi traders who transport oil using their own trucks .	45	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
But , you know , whether you like Saddam Hussein or not , he used to kill terrorists .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
As for the veracity of the emails , that too is up for debate .	13	contact.discussion.meet
The Northern Territory Chief Minister Andrew Giles is seeking advice on establishing a royal commission into the gut - wrenching , sickening footage the ABC 's Four Corners broadcast on Monday night , which showed horrific conditions in the Northern Territory 's Don Dale and Alice Springs Youth Detention centres .	28	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
They got their federal grants , they got their subsidies , and then its hello bankruptcy , they ’re gone .	4	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Caroline Khouri , of the Arab town of Tamra , told NBC News her male relatives tried to murder her after learning of her plans to transition from man to woman .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The former attorney general still maintains that Snowden broke the law and should face trial .	14	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Former Vice President Al Gore Al GorePence calls hiring of counsel ' routine ' CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats OPINION : Do n't repeat the mistakes of Clinton and 1998 with Trump MORE , Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernie SandersSanders to GOP on healthcare bill : ' What are you afraid of ? '	23	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
“ The reason we ’re not in eastern Aleppo has again been a combination of very difficult and detailed discussions around security monitoring and passage of roadblocks , which is both opposition and government , ” he said .	26	movement.transportartifact.n/a
However , instead of tough talk , Klimenko criticized web - blocking and suggested that copyright holders should wait for a better economic situation before “ terrorizing ” on the issue of piracy .	13	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
" Since 2009 , Russia has trained its forces in scenarios of invading the Baltic countries , " he said .	12	conflict.attack.invade
At the observances for those who died in the protests , Poroshenko vowed that efforts would continue to bring to justice the snipers who killed demonstrators and asserted that despite the eastern conflict and severe economic difficulties “ nonetheless , the country is changing and moving forward . ”	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
According to the Bureau of Prisons , there are 207,847 people incarcerated in federal prisons .	11	movement.transportperson.preventexit
" It is also incredible that the Libyan president would call and meet Bill Clinton through the Clinton Foundation before meeting Hillary Clinton about Benghazi . "	12	contact.discussion.n/a
“ Hillary believes it ’s vital to deceive the people by having one public policy and a totally different policy in private , ” Trump said , invoking the emails of her campaign chairman John Podesta that were illegally hacked and published by WikiLeaks .	7	contact.prevarication.broadcast
He said he frequently confers with Sam Clovis , one of Trump 's top policy advisers , and that there has been a series of conference calls and briefings in recent weeks .	4	contact.discussion.meet
Trump has sought and received funding from Russian investors for his business ventures , especially after most American banks stopped lending to him following his multiple bankruptcies .	20	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Now , what is extremely interesting is the document shows that the Iranians acknowledge that they will keep this crash silent and report that there were technical difficulties that forced Hillary ’s secret plane to land .	19	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
" I got up and walked away , I remember walking , it was like an out of body experience , " she said , according to the criminal complaint .	10	movement.transportperson.n/a
Last week , U.S. Judge Loretta Biggs issued a preliminary injunction , saying North Carolina likely violated the National Voter Registration Act .	10	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
“ When I talk about creating new jobs and infrastructure , ” Okay , infrastructure , advanced manufacturing , clean renewable energy , I think every clean renewable project Obama funded is gone .	17	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Among the eclectic addresses that line Lincoln Road is the U.K. headquarters of Radio Star , which broadcasts Polish news and music aimed at the 550,000 Polish speakers who live in Britain .	17	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Even Erdogan 's opponents saw his leadership as preferable to a successful coup renewing the cycle of military interventions that dogged Turkey in the second half of the 20th century .	12	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Russian President Vladimir Putin last year suggested that foreign countries were funding efforts to " destabilize the situation " by highlighting difficulties faced by Crimean Tatars , and said that Moscow would not allow this .	6	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Family , friends and students gather in Istanbul for the funerals of Huseyin Tunç , a 28-year old teacher killed in the attack on an Istanbul airport .	18	contact.funeralvigil.meet
6/15 Germany GEKA is federally - funded facility and its sole function is the destruction of chemical weapons from military arsenals .	6	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Donald Trump turned the corner on a vicious presidential primary process Tuesday night , pledging to visit a new round of political horrors on Hillary and Bill Clinton .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The loan matures on Dec. 20 , 2015 .	1	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Though the purpose of the agency — like its dealings — are shady , the IRA has been linked to hundreds of social media accounts that claim fake U.S. disasters are occurring : a chemical leak in Louisiana , an Ebola outbreak in Atlanta and a fatal police shooting of an unarmed black woman .	46	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
As the report , which does not offer a breakdown of specific agencies it might be referring to ( though may in its body which can be purchased for $ 2,500 here ) , definitively states :	27	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Behind the back of Bakhtiar , they convened an emergency meeting and declared neutrality .	7	contact.discussion.correspondence
Top supplier Australia is down 3.6 percent for the first eight months of the year , as higher coking coal exports have n't been enough to offset lower thermal coal shipments .	30	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Settlers in the Jordan Valley have refused to obey the new EU guidelines that call for consumer labels to be placed on their products clarifying that they were not produced in Israel .	29	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
Every genius - investor wants to buy low and sell high .	6	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Less than a month after Roger Ailes was ousted as chairman of Fox News amid a growing list of sexual harassment allegations , Donald Trump has hired Ailes to help him prepare for the upcoming presidential debates against Hillary Clinton , the New York Times reports .	8	personnel.endposition.n/a
Distressed on the loss of lives & damage caused by the quake in Japan .	7	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
“ The Trade in Services Agreement is part of a radical project to limit governments ’ sovereign right to regulate and freeze it almost in permanence in the interests of foreign corporations . ”	5	government.agreements.n/a
The other , as a young millionaire , exacted revenge on his recently deceased brother 's family by cutting off the medical insurance desperately needed by his nephew 's newborn son , who at eighteen months of age was suffering from violent seizures brought on by a rare neurological disorder .	13	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Assange has insisted the accusations are politically motivated and could lead to his eventual extradition to the United States , where supporters say he could face the death penalty .	14	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
“ There ’s been a tendency for decent liberal people to capitulate .	11	conflict.yield.n/a
The two Syrian women who we shall call Om Omran and Om Mohammad , which are not their real names , were willing to wear Expressen 's hidden cameras , which have been smuggled in .	33	movement.transportartifact.n/a
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia 's Rosselkhoznadzor agriculture watchdog said on Thursday it plans to completely ban fruit and vegetable imports from Turkey next week .	21	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
[ 9 ] But the percentage of bank loans that have gone to small businesses has declined by one - third since 2000 ; venture capital funding is highly clustered — with 70 % of all VC funding going to three states , 40 % going to one region[10 ] , 7 % going to firms with women founders , and a mere 1 % directed to African - American women founders .	8	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
The oddly shaped square panels are meant to defeat incoming projectiles by actually counter - detonating and disrupting the missile ’s main charge from penetrating into the tank .	15	conflict.attack.bombing
Russia and Syria announced the opening of what they called humanitarian corridors for civilians and rebels wanting to surrender , but few people are reported to have used them , fearing they would be targeted .	18	conflict.yield.n/a
In 2013 , Donald Trump suggested Snowden should be executed .	9	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Any chance Turkey could join the EU by 2020 , as Brexit campaigners have asserted , went up in smoke on Wednesday after the country ’s president , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , signed a draconian new law that in effect demolishes any notion that his country is a fully functioning , western - style democracy .	40	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
28/40 2015 - April Isis’ media arm released a 29-minute video purporting to show militants executing Ethiopian Christians captives .	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" Coalition members in the Combined Air Operations Center had earlier informed Russian counterparts of the upcoming strike , " Central Command said in its statement .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Black Lives Matter movement was formed in 2013 following the death of Trayvon Martin and has been at the forefront of alleged US police brutality ever since – documenting and protesting the slew of killings including , most recently , those of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile .	33	life.die.n/a
Aid shipments into the devastated city of Aleppo have yet to be allowed to reach civilians .	1	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
READ MORE : Armenia , Turkey still at odds a century after 1915 massacre	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Fischer , the former AFA spokesman , also advocated enacting a similar law in the U.S.	9	government.legislate.legislate
Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange to be assassinated .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
PARIS — Japanese banks drew on close commercial ties to Qatar when they lent funds that helped Doha pay last year ’s down payment for Rafale fighter jets and missiles worth € 6.3 billion ( $ 6.8 billion ) , financial specialists said .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Trump : “ Why do they have to say we 're going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks , which is what they 're saying ?	14	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas was a Soviet spy in Damascus in the 1980s , Israel ’s Channel 1 reports , blowing the lid off information uncovered in an archive smuggled out of the USSR .	8	government.spy.spy
The contrast between the copious evidence – some of it self - admitted – of Secretary Clinton ’s demonstrable infractions , on the one hand , and the very sketchy , circumstantial evidence used to convict and imprison Jeffrey Sterling , on the other , lend weight to the suspicion that there is one law for the rich and powerful in the United States and another for the rest of us .	37	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Just to jump to a critical point : she seems bruised and a bit cut up but basically fine .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Also , all over Palmyra , there were mass graves with dozens of tortured women and children , some only 500 meters from the ruins of ancient monuments .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ Either they have to pay up for past deficiencies or they have to get out . ”	5	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Several Chinese cities including Chongqing , Wuhan , Zhengzhou , Changsha and Shenyang have rail freight services to Europe .	15	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Of course , she also believed that it was " her turn " in 2008 , when ( in her view ) , she was robbed after Democrats decided that the " black card " – pardon the expression – " trumped " the " woman card .	25	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Red Cross aid convoy denied entry to Syrian city of Darayya Read more	4	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Performing the emergency brain surgery on Hillary Clinton at the MedStar Montgomery Medical Center on 30 June , this report continues , was the Islamic neurosurgeon Amjad Anaizi who is her private brain doctor whom she frequently visits at the MedStar Georgetown University Hospital near her home in Washington D.C.—and who , also , is the cousin of Hillary Clinton ’s top aid Huma Abedin who is linked to the Muslim Brotherhood terror organization .	4	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Photos : San Bernardino shooting Police officers stand guard as they investigate a suspicious vehicle in Redlands , California , on Wednesday , December 2 , after a mass shooting in nearby San Bernardino in which 14 people died and 21 were injured .	42	life.injure.n/a
Or he can fax it .	3	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The claim from Mr Kim was made as he inspected a nuclear facility on Wednesday .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Trump , who has advocated repairing ties with Moscow battered over the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria , has cast doubt on the U.S. intelligence community 's allegation of Russia 's complicity in the cyberattacks .	9	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Past polls have suggested Trump could have a problem among Catholics , many of whom have shifted from voting Republican to Democrat this election cycle .	3	contact.requestadvise.meet
Kerry said he was concerned by reports the Syrian government was creating obstacles for the delivery of humanitarian aid and hoped it would stop its officials and troops from taking medicine or other supplies from the shipments .	36	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas 's request to attend the funeral of former President Shimon Peres in Jerusalem on Friday was approved by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a senior Israeli official said .	9	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
Aside from his pride , he said Mr Trump might be even more loath to quit the race as it could hurt his business empire .	15	personnel.endposition.quitretire
But many of the groups fighting there are conservative Islamists , and moderates are worried that for this assault they have gathered around Jolani ’s group .	18	life.injure.n/a
That would raise the pace of arrests twentyfold , to roughly fifteen thousand apprehensions per day .	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
And Senate sources stress that a final decision wo n’t be made until Clinton and Sanders negotiate some type of deal aimed at healing the party .	16	contact.discussion.n/a
Other times , Trump has urged his supporters not to hurt the protesters that have interrupted his speeches .	5	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
He suggested the Syrian conflict could be the beginning of World War Three , saying it had put the world " on the brink of the beginning of a large regional or global war " .	4	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Former president Nicolas Sarkozy who is running to return to office in 2017 vowed to impose a nationwide ban on the swimwear if re - elected to the post .	13	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
So they probably now have a blackmail file over someone who wants to be President of the United States . "	6	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Trump will “ stop the madness of purposefully importing Syrian migrants and Muslim refugees into our country , ” Root said to massive applause .	8	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
* In the agreement , Turkey waived its demand that the naval blockade of Gaza be lifted in its entirety .	8	contact.commandorder.n/a
Hillary Clinton supported the monarch when she was secretary of state , and the US - financed Export - Import Bank gave OCP a $ 92 million loan guarantee during her tenure , the Daily Caller reported .	27	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Newslook 13 of 19 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE SUICIDE ATTACK AT ISTANBUL AIRPORT France 's Hollande condemns the Istanbul airport attack | 0:38 French President Francois Hollande condemns the Istanbul airport attack that left at least 41 dead . Video provided by AFP Newslook 14 of 19 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE SUICIDE ATTACK AT ISTANBUL AIRPORT Timeline of terror : Attacks across Europe since 2004 | 2:16 The deadly explosions in Istanbul are just the latest in a series of terror attacks on European soil in recent years .	77	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
-- Big picture : “ Fatal shootings by police are up in the first six months of 2016 , a new Post analysis finds . "	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Kilimnik has continued advising Opposition Bloc , which opposes Ukraine ’s teetering pro - Western government , even as the party stopped fully paying Manafort ’s firm , leaving it unable to pay some of its employees and rent , according to people familiar with the firm and its relationship to Opposition Bloc .	38	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Many of those who assailed her online referred to her as a “ kike . ” White supremacist website The Daily Stormer wrote a blog about her titled “ Empress Melania Attacked by Filthy Russian Kike Julia Ioffe in GQ ! ”	4	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
[ And ] … after a year of intense protests at campuses across the country , many involving raw emotions over conflicts about racial tensions and sexual assault , the letter ’s direct language set off flares both on campus and far beyond with a debate about free speech , hate speech , student rights and students ’ demands . ”	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Except the Mein Kampf copy , several other artifacts are to be auctioned off , including Hitler ’s dessert forks and plates as well as personal cocktail and water glasses .	12	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Clarke : Well , I disagreed with her when she voted for the Iraq War , and that ’s why when Senator Obama started running for president , I supported him and I worked for him .	10	government.vote.castvote
A French woman hurls a beer bottle at English fans after it is believed they tried to yank her flag away on the streets of Marseille	3	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Russia and Western countries have long said that they believe the flight was brought down by a bomb smuggled on board .	18	movement.transportperson.n/a
The US , assuming that a weakened Russia will never again be in a position to counter US hegemonic power , proceeded to encroach on Russia ’s borders through its manipulation of NATO objectives .	23	conflict.attack.n/a
In the lead - up to the final meeting between Obama and Xi , experts had predicted the pair would seek to part ways on a positive note with the announcement that the world ’s two largest polluters would ratify the Paris climate agreement .	43	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
He said the goal is " to starve out and to drive out the opposition and civilians who 've held on there for so long . "	7	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The state - controlled media blames the crisis , principally , on low oil prices and , to a lesser extent , on western sanctions .	24	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
“ The Muslim migrants arriving to Europe are for the most part not refugees but job seekers who belong to what is de facto an invasion , ” Rom , nee Norbert Kurtzman , told JTA after the Russia premiere of the film “ The Children of Tehran ” in the city of Kazan during its Limmud FSU conference of Jewish learning . “The attempts to pass off the new arrivals , people who left and in many cases participated in a murderous civil war , as refugees and then to liken their experiences to what Holocaust survivors had to endure is false , ” Rom , who survived the Holocaust with his sister , said last month . The rebuke by Rom , a supporter of the left - wing Meretz party and one of the founders of Kibbutz Afikim , followed the publication in August of an op - ed in The New York Times titled “ Anne Frank Today Is a Syrian Girl , ” in which the journalist and two - time Pulitzer Prize winner Nicholas Kristof argued that the reasons for the opposition to absorbing Jewish Holocaust refugees in the United States “ were the same as they are for rejecting Syrians or Hondurans today . ”While some European Jews have repeated the analogy , others have been careful to avoid it amid the arrival to Europe of 1.5 million immigrants since 2015 from the war - torn Middle East and Africa .	110	life.die.n/a
Mr Hollande said 50 injured people were in a critical condition " between life and death " .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In 2006 , Princeton computer science professor Ed Felten demonstrated how to install a self - propagating piece of vote - changing malware on Diebold e - voting systems in less than a minute .	27	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
Even a seemingly incriminating bit about how Wall Street donors should exercise their power , shared at Goldman Sachs , turns out to be pretty benign on closer inspection :	28	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The Iraq war veteran had served in Hawaii 's state house for 20 years before winning election to Congress in 2014 .	15	personnel.elect.n/a
Clinton pledged to “ staple ” a green card to foreign - born scientists and engineers and Ph . D.s but in a recent Vox interview criticized certain employers for firing U.S. workers and replacing them with H-1B visa holders supplied by contractors .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Additional fingers would determine nuclear actions taken in his absence or demise by presidential successors from his vice president , the Cabinet that he appoints or by generals to whom he may pre - delegate his launch authority .	24	personnel.startposition.n/a
But given how long it has taken to just discuss the funding in and of itself , I find it hard to imagine a scenario in which there is n’t a protracted debate about the pay - fors .	35	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
This event clearly demonstrates the hazards of attempting to manoeuvre groups of ships in conditions of poor visibility , and it is a tribute to the seamanship of the naval and merchant crews that this was the only serious collision which resulted in a vessel being lost in this theatre	39	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
( Never mind the fact that they ’re neutral and thus may also be providing aid to your own forces and innocent civilians caught up in the mix . )	14	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Egypt ’s Foreign Ministry said the man behind the hijacking is ‘ not a terrorist , he ’s an idiot ’ .	9	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
At the time , the Evil Empire was on the march around the world , and threatening the US with nuclear annihilation .	16	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Israel has demanded tighter security measures from the Palestinians and a crackdown on militants responsible for a string of stabbings and shootings against Israelis .	19	conflict.attack.stabbing
Alexis Tsipras , the Greek prime minister , noted that Putin 's visit comes just days after Athens reached a deal with eurozone bailout creditors to continue rescue loans , under a deal that expands power of a state privatization committee .	28	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Ukraine ’s former pro - Western president , Viktor A. Yushchenko , was left with his face disfigured after a dioxin poisoning — most likely concealed in a meal of boiled crayfish — that Mr. Yushchenko attributed to Russian assassins .	25	movement.transportperson.hide
Giuliani said none of Trump ’s inner circle would defend his comments but said his apology should be viewed as sincere — and that he ’s likely to reissue it in the debate .	32	contact.discussion.n/a
I was on my way to work when I saw and heard the explosion .	13	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Since implementation , and while being subjected to the inspections regime , Iran removed 14,000 centrifuges , filled the core of its plutonium reactor with concrete , and shipped almost all of its uranium gas to Russia .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Paul said he signed a document giving his word that he ’d support the Republican nominee , and urged other voters to support the candidate they agree with the most , even if he ’s not their first choice .	18	contact.commandorder.meet
" Or imagine an internet run like China or Russia that punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	13	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Dozens of Tatars have been detained , arrested , searched and harassed by Russian authorities since the 2014 annexation .	5	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
If America retreats , Russia advances , nipping at its heels .	2	conflict.yield.retreat
29/40 2015 - May Abu Bakr al - Baghdadi , the leader of Isis has been " incapacitated " by a spinal injuries sustained in a US air strike in Iraq .	28	conflict.attack.n/a
On a day off , Barakat ransacked the offices , taking as many documents as he could , before driving some two hundred and fifty miles north from Damascus , to the Turkish border .	6	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
There are very good reasons why Barack Obama is working to end the embargo .	13	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
This was denied with jeers , and he was again hung up ; this time successfully . "	10	conflict.attack.n/a
( Daily News : “ Where would a President Sanders imprison , interrogate ?	10	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
I can just say that what he said was a lie .	10	contact.prevarication.broadcast
And by the way they are not using the money on us , they are not buying anything from us , they ’re buying , you noticed , they did n’t buy Boeing , they bought Airbus , 118 planes from what I understand , but they bought them all from Airbus , they go out of their way not to spend any money in our country .	23	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Hillary Clinton , who already has the blood of so many on her hands , is now announcing that she is willing to put each and every one of our lives in harm 's way .	32	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ That ’s a form of extortion , ” Mr. Assange told the enthusiastic crowd from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , where he has lived since being granted asylum amid sexual assault charges .	28	transaction.transaction.n/a
Those “ tribal divisions and personal feuds ” spiraled into a civil war pitting the forces led by Kiir — a member of the country ’s largest tribe , the Dinka — against those loyal to Riek Machar , the vice president he had sacked earlier in 2013 and an ethnic Nuer — the second - largest tribe in the country .	44	personnel.endposition.n/a
But the account has been questioned , with some historians maintaining Wallenberg was executed .	13	life.die.n/a
Assange : Our view which we have already stated is if the evidence that the FBI has is enough for a grand jury to indict already … But a prosecutor has to ask a grand jury to indict .	24	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
It was fashioned as an executive agreement because , as Secretary of State John Kerry told the House Judiciary Committee , “ you ca n’t pass a treaty anymore . ” In other words , if the President ca n’t get his way by complying with the Constitution , then the Constitution must be tortured to accommodate the President , i.e. , to borrow from President Nixon to David Frost , “ When the President does it , that means it is not illegal . ”	54	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
This undated photo posted by the Local Revolutionary Council in Madaya , which has been verified and is consistent with other Associated Press reporting , shows a starving boy in Madaya , Syria .	27	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
During an October 2014 international summit in Milan , the Russian dropped in on Berlusconi 's villa for a nightcap at 1:30 a.m. that reportedly lasted beyond 3 a.m. On a trip to Rome the next year , Putin again dropped in on his Italian friend , who pledged to use his enduring political influence to push for an end to European sanctions against Russia — and later publicly pledged to help “ convince our American friends that the return to the atmosphere of the Cold War is inadmissible . ”	48	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Hide Caption 24 of 29 Photos : San Bernardino shooting Police and fire personnel are seen near the site of the shooting .	9	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump pointed out that the killer , Omar Mateen — who was born in the Unites States — has parents who immigrated here from Afghanistan .	21	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Independent of the rape count , Lonina is also charged with livestreaming her friend nude the day before the assault , which is a felony , O'Brien said .	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In her memoir “ Hard Choices , ” Clinton wrote that after the coup , she went about hatching a plan with other leaders in the region “ to restore order in Honduras and ensure that free and fair elections could be held quickly and legitimately , which would render the question of Zelaya moot . ” The United States pushed for elections , and in November 2009 , despite a boycott by opposition leaders and international observers , elections were orchestrated by the same figures behind Zelaya ’s ouster .	71	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
England captain Wayne Rooney pleaded with fans to avoid the violence in a news conference on Monday as did manager Roy Hodgson after Uefa also threatened to kick England out .	25	contact.threatencoerce.meet
He was killed when police detonated an explosive .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
The protests turned into a movement that ousted the government .	7	personnel.endposition.n/a
Anyhow , that ’s when I got recruited into electoral activism , but I come to this with a history of building coalitions to advance the public health , to promote good jobs .	7	personnel.startposition.n/a
( Narva is an Estonian border city where ethnic Russians predominate , even if they have no desire to be invaded or annexed by their next - door neighbor . )	20	conflict.attack.n/a
The hijacker surrendered at Larnaca International Airport in Cyprus and all passengers were released safely .	2	conflict.yield.surrender
Everything in Scripture leads us in the opposite direction : that life in the womb is precious to God , and the shed blood of innocents makes our Lord furious .	22	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Syrian regime announced its support of the ceasefire deal Saturday , according to the state - run TV .	3	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Erdogan added that Germany is the “ last country ” to make judgements on genocide , given its “ history of massacres . ”	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
After exhausting his legal options in the United Kingdom , Assange did not surrender for extradition .	15	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Russia granted Snowden temporary asylum in 2013 , and the controversial whistleblower has resided there ever since .	4	movement.transportperson.n/a
-- The Nobel Prize in Medicine was awarded to Japanese scientist Yoshinori Ohsumi for his work on a fundamental process for autophagy , or “ cell recycling . ” According to the Stockholm - based prize committee , his work involves a series of experiments using baker 's yeast that helped expand our understanding of how cells adapt to starvation and respond to infection .	59	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
What is this , right prior to his being shot , and nobody even brings it up .	9	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
All of these interviews came before the release of the vulgar video by The Washington Post , which showed Trump talking about trying to bed a married woman and argue that women will let him " do anything " to them because he 's famous .	3	contact.discussion.meet
He goes on to suggest that much of what the world has seen in the Arab Spring or the various Color Revolutions are no less a form of conflict than any other type of warfare , and proceeds to suggest how this whole dynamic can be put to deliberate use to topple governments and seize land .	39	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
In September , a Dutch investigation concluded that it was a Buk missile smuggled across the border from Russia that shot down Flight MH17 in 2014 , killing 298 people .	13	movement.transportperson.hide
All three families were represented at the time of the schoolgirls ' disappearance by lawyer Tasnime Akunjee , who said : " Leaving Isis is like trying to escape from Alcatraz , with a shoot to kill order added in .	28	movement.transportperson.n/a
The U.S and Russia have had massive disagreements over Ukraine in particular , where America accuses Russia of funding , equipping and providing combat support to separatist rebels and demands the return of Crimea , which Russia annexed in 2014 .	23	conflict.attack.n/a
We ’re now looking at $ 1.8 trillion a year absorbed by regulatory costs in the United Stated States , which is more than people pay on their regular income taxes .	29	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Mrs. Clinton typically earned $ 225,000 for speeches , though she sometimes donated her fees to her family foundation .	12	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
On the economy , Sanders ’ idealism on fighting Wall Street and advocacy for free public college education and universal health care does n’t seem to extend to acknowledging that black people need a special kind of economic boost to come as close as possible to the 40 acres and a mule we were promised after emancipation .	54	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
JO - ANN ARMAO , ASSOCIATE EDITORIAL PAGE EDITOR : The Fayetteville protester who was sucker punched — he did n’t punch anyone —	16	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
With the facts relating to Nadiya Savchenko ’s terrorist crimes and neo - Nazi affiliations having been fully documented during her trial , FSB legal analysts in this report state , the “ beyond top secret ” emails belonging to former Secretary Hillary Clinton are critical for the court ’s “ understanding / consideration ” in sentencing as they “ directly relate ” to the causes as to why this murderer has become the West ’s latest cause célèbre against Russia .	21	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Kilimnik was recruited to join Manafort ’s team by a former IRI official named Philip M. Griffin , who had worked with Kilimnik at the institute .	2	personnel.startposition.n/a
State and local law enforcement agents need to be trained in how to specifically deal with the thugs that will be unleashed to effect voter intimidation .	24	government.vote.violationspreventvote
AN SAS sniper blew the head off a terrorist commander while he was teaching Islamic State recruits how to decapitate prisoners .	19	life.die.n/a
In February , an MSF report identified 94 airstrikes and shelling attacks on hospitals across Syria .	8	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Fiverr , a website dedicated to making it easy to buy services that cost about five dollars , has offerings where you can purchase tens of thousands of real USA retweets for five dollars .	23	transaction.transferownership.purchase
When asked about damaged inflicted by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden , Carter said : “ It was damaging to security , to work with other countries , but most importantly [ it ] hurt trust with industry .	3	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Trump said the U.S. must be “ properly reimbursed for the tremendous cost ” of defending other countries , many of which are “ extremely rich , ” according to the newspaper ’s transcript of the interview .	8	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The group debated sending letters to the Clinton and Trump campaigns urging them to keep political appointments to a minimum , but now plans to wait until the election is over and approach whoever wins .	11	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Five of the governments began donating to the foundation after Hillary became Secretary of State , while two more at least doubled their contributions .	5	transaction.transaction.n/a
He could have appeared dignified , controlled , in - command , following the time - tested presidential path blazed by George W. Bush in 2001 and Obama on Sunday .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
On Friday he denied that he used an alias and pretended to be his own spokesman in a 1991 phone call , despite audio in which the spokesman sounds just like Trump , as well as Trump ’s prior admission , under oath , that he used an alias to act as his own fake spokesman .	42	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
She was killed by ISIS as she tried to flee their stronghold of Raqqa .	9	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
' Every time Donald Trump says he wants to jail his opponent , meaning me , I think to myself , you know , we do n't do that in America , ' Clinton said Saturday at her Pittsburgh rally .	9	movement.transportperson.preventexit
U.S. State Department spokesperson John Kirby stressed Monday night that the Obama administration does not consider the Golan Heights to be part of Israel , one day after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed they " will forever remain under Israeli sovereignty . "	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
The UN ordered Sweden and UK to immediately release him and compensate him for violating his rights .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The US demand that Assad be removed and sanctions be imposed before negotiations could seriously begin , along with the refusal to include Iran in the process , doomed [ Annan 's ] mission .	2	contact.commandorder.correspondence
And what I ’d like to know is , that annex that was close by , were they involved with procuring , buying , selling , obtaining weapons and were any of these weapons being transferred to other countries ?	10	government.formation.mergegpe
Asked about the hold on the shipments , a senior U.S. official cited reports that the Saudi - led coalition used cluster bombs “ in areas in which civilians are alleged to have been present or in the vicinity . ”	6	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Her response came moments after “ CBS This Morning ” hosts played a tape of Trump , in 2002 , being questioned by Howard Stern in a radio interview whether Trump “ was for invading Iraq . ” Trump ’s response in September 2002 , before the war began : “ Yeah , I guess so . ”	34	conflict.attack.invade
Most attention about the project has focused on the presence of a twice imprisoned Russian immigrant with extensive ties to the Russian criminal underworld .	13	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
It has long been known that the agreement to invade Poland took place under the Molotov - Ribbentrop Pact , which was secret at the time but is now readily available and referenced in just about every World War Two history book .	7	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
He had once tried to strangle himself when ISIS guards strung his arms up by chains .	5	conflict.attack.strangling
29/42 Ronnie Corbett British entertainer Ronnie Corbett has passed away on 31 March at the age of 85 2014 Getty Images	8	life.die.nonviolentdeath
They quote the unnamed official : " To profess not to know at this point is willful misrepresentation . "	8	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
“ He says he has been advised by Secretaries Baker and Kissinger but I find it hard to imagine that they would have recommended the things that he said in his New York Times interview .	23	contact.requestadvise.n/a
It now threatens the town of Azaz , on the border with Turkey , through which rebel groups have long received crucial supplies .	22	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Trump rails frequently against the Iraq and Libya wars , but shows no understanding of what has actually worked well in counterterrorism strategy : intense and sustained Predator strikes , special operations raids and joint capture operations , and mobilizing tribal resistance .	35	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Trump himself has praised Putin , as well , and has also called for the United States to retreat from its responsibilities in NATO -- which would probably increase Putin 's influence in the region .	18	conflict.yield.retreat
Hide Caption 25 of 38 Photos : World War II in pictures President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's funeral procession goes down Connecticut Avenue on its way to the White House .	17	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
KURT EICHENWALD : And so , you know , we ’re buying — we’re buying a pig in a poke here .	11	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
All they are saying is ‘ We have family too , they will arrest us too.’ ”	13	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
-- Iraq ’s parliament voted to sack its defense minister amid accusations of corruption .	6	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Pope Francis preaches to marginalized indigenous in a fight to keep Catholics	2	contact.mediastatement.n/a
Before joining Nato in 1949 , Norway allayed Russian fears by undertaking not to open its territory to foreign combat troops so long as Norway was not attacked or threatened with attack .	29	contact.threatencoerce.meet
In an appearance at a Washington thinktank last month , the director of the National Security Agency , Adm Michael Rogers , said that it was time to consider making the home devices “ more defensible ” , but did not address the opportunities that increased numbers and even categories of connected devices provide to his surveillance agency .	56	government.spy.spy
But she did n’t mention her failure ( matching the failure of the secretaries of state before and after her ) to negotiate a just peace in Israel - Palestine based on international law , human rights , and equality for all .	22	contact.negotiate.correspondence
SIPRI assessed that Vietnam 's stepped - up purchasing reflected fears of Beijing 's growing power in Asia and territorial claims in the South China Sea that overlap with its own .	8	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Specifically , the Air Force has implemented measures to combat sexual assault through education , reform , and victim care .	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
They exploded nine seconds apart .	1	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
But Trump has been resolute , proclaiming he would never quit and attacking Ryan in a tweet soon after that statement .	10	personnel.endposition.n/a
She basically “ de - linked ” herself from a stridently anti - union company that was also a notoriously thrifty spender on employee wages and benefits .	24	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
I 'd like to meet the candidate who has the stamina to make 10,000 retweets .	4	contact.discussion.meet
-- As Trump wrapped up with House members , he urged them to go tell reporters that the meeting had gone great .	18	contact.collaborate.meet
The U.S. military says it has halted airstrikes over Syria after the Russian Defense Ministry accused the U.S.-led coalition of carrying out a strike that hit Syrian government soldiers , killing 62 and injuring 100 .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But he has also promised that in the first 30 days of a Trump administration , he would ask the generals for an anti - ISIS plan .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In 2011 , he was investigated for trafficking in performance - enhancing drugs , and he said he fully expected to go to prison .	7	movement.transportartifact.n/a
6 ) Duterte has demanded that the United States apologize for the Bud Dajo “ massacre ” in 1906 , which his spokesman has ludicrously likened to the Holocaust .	15	conflict.attack.n/a
ISIS said that a bomb targeted a patrol and was followed by clashes between ISIS militants and police officers .	12	conflict.attack.n/a
Two men linked to the Brussels attacks recorded 10 hours of secret surveillance video of a top Belgian nuclear scientist , likely hoping to use his security clearance to try to obtain radioactive material to build a so - called " dirty bomb . "	12	government.spy.spy
As The Economist put it , ‘ four years ago Mitt Romney , then a Republican candidate , said that Russia was America ’s “ number - one geopolitical foe ” ... With Russia hacking the American election , presiding over mass slaughter in Syria , annexing Crimea and talking casually about using nuclear weapons , Romney ’s view has become conventional wisdom . ’ Indeed .	42	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Trump had purchased the mansion at a bankruptcy auction less than four years earlier for $ 41.4 million , records show .	8	transaction.transferownership.purchase
I 've spent lots of time reporting in countries where winners do imprison losing candidates .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
They are trying to come to a meeting of the minds to determine whether the Russian government should release some 20,000 of Mrs. Clinton 's emails that it obtained either by hacking her directly or by hacking into the email of her confidante , Sid Blumenthal .	28	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Pursuant to the 1921 Treaty of Moscow , most of Kars Province , southern part of former Batumi Province , and Surmalu District — along with Mount Ararat — of Yerevan Province were given to Turkey .	4	government.agreements.violateagreement
From Matea Gold and Anu Narayanswamy : “ Priorities USA Action , the main super PAC aligned with Clinton , brought in $ 9.3 million in July , giving it a total of $ 110 million for the 2016 cycle … The group headed into August with nearly $ 39 million in the bank .	20	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Sayer argues that the past four decades have been characterised by a transfer of wealth not only from the poor to the rich , but within the ranks of the wealthy : from those who make their money by producing new goods or services to those who make their money by controlling existing assets and harvesting rent , interest or capital gains .	56	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Thomas Riordan , an 18-year - old freshman from Virginia Beach , said that while he voted for Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE in the primary , he believes he ’ll end up in Clinton ’s corner too because she ’s a “ better alternative than Trump . ’	70	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Describing Trump as " erratic , " " ill - equipped " to be commander in chief and a " serial liar , " the newspaper slammed him for trafficking in " prejudice " and having a " checkered " business record .	29	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
One day in March , 2012 , a doctor asked Hamada if he would smuggle baby formula to a woman in Darayya , a rebellious suburb of Damascus .	14	movement.transportartifact.hide
“ For me , I could stand the bad treatment and lack of food , but when my toddler of 11 months began to starve it became impossible to stay , ” said Fatima .	24	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
While Secretary of State , Clinton hosted a dinner for her foundation ’s donors , including Pinchuk , who had hired longtime Clintonista Douglas Schoen to lobby the State Department on behalf of the Yanukovich government – the pro - Russian regime that Ukrainians sacked in late 2013 , a change that was supported by the Obama administration .	44	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Yellow fever used to be common there : Philadelphia suffered one of the country ’s worst outbreaks in 1793 , when the disease killed 5,000 people , then about a tenth of the city ’s population .	1	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
They added that sanctions are also possible but will not be easy to apply in a hacking case like this , particularly since the authority might not exist in the current Executive Order dealing with punishment for a cyber attack .	3	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
9/21 Former PwC employees found guilty in ' Luxleaks ' tax scandal - June 2016 Two ex- PricewaterhouseCoopers staffers were found guilty in Luxembourg of stealing confidential tax files that helped unleash a global scandal over generous fiscal deals for hundreds of international companies .	5	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
She ’ll be worse , ” Trump vowed , remarking that Clinton has “ bad relationships ” with leaders like Russian President Vladimir Putin .	7	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Both would require Congress to approve billions of dollars in new appropriations even if Trump could pressure the Mexican government into reimbursing the U.S. for the cost of the wall , which the Mexicans say they wo n't consider .	21	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Today , Greece , especially the islands of Lesbos , Chios , Samos , Symi , Rhodes , Leros , and Kos , are wracked by Muslim refugee crime , unsanitary public health habits of migrants , sexual assaults by migrant men of women and children , acts of arson and vandalism , and a diminution of Greek culture and religious practices .	49	conflict.attack.setfire
Italy -Giuseppe Donaldo Nicosia , convicted of bribery alongside former Senator Marcello Dell’Utri	5	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
The Russian foreign ministry statement , which follows a North Korean threat to “ annihilate ” the US and South Korea , also criticises Washington and Seoul for launching the largest joint military drills yet to be held on the peninsula .	14	conflict.attack.n/a
Watching Donald Trump talk during a presidential debate about jailing his opponent was a jarring experience for Al Cardenas , who traces his Republican identity in part to his hatred of the authoritarian Castro regime he fled long ago .	9	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
In response to the frequent skirmishes , South Korean coastguard officials announced on Tuesday they would authorize the use of handguns and onboard cannon to attack Chinese vessels they deem threatening .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
Some Twitter users say they plan to boycott Cooper 's future films over his presence at the convention .	7	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
When the EU is ready for a fair , respectful dialogue without setting ultimatums , we will be really happy , since I am convinced the present historic period will not last long , and we are condemned to live together .	10	contact.discussion.correspondence
The Iranians have purchased four units of the anti - aircraft S-300 system , which were removed from service in the Russian military , and have already received all of the supporting systems at the end of 2015 , including the radar system .	3	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Security camera footage showed the car had entered an intersection when an explosion ripped through it from underneath .	12	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
They were smuggled out of the country with the help of the Happy Reunification Road Organisation , which works to help North Koreans and for the reunification of the country .	2	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Most non - Turkish scholars of the events regard them as genocide - as do more than 20 states including France , Germany and Russia , and some international bodies such as the European Parliament	11	life.die.n/a
But a TV interview given by a woman identified as the girl 's aunt claimed that the girl was raped by numerous men over the 30-hour period while she was missing .	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
By making the embargo harsher .	3	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In part , no doubt , this is to ensure ransom payments – but it may also reflect the fact that some do not want to see themselves as pirates and have turned to hostage - taking as a last resort to escape desperate poverty in a violence - riven country with no functioning government .	11	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
One of the attackers managed to escape .	6	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
We threw out a lot of stuff that was not double- and triple - sourced , because I knew the importance of this .	1	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
" Sadly Nikita has passed away .	4	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Hafiz Abdul Razak was stabbed to death in Jhenaidah in southwestern Bangladesh .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
General Mohammad al - Dahabi , who ran the service from 2005 to 2008 , was later convicted of stealing millions of dollars that GID officers had seized from Iraqi citizens crossing into Jordan in the years after the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
With legions of Trump supporters and Clinton haters feeling deceived , Stone claimed that Assange had never promised a big reveal .	9	contact.prevarication.broadcast
The Islamic State group has honed the ability to launch global attacks and is set to focus more on Europe following the Paris massacre , the chief of EU police agency Europol says .	23	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In September , Trump informed his bankers that he would not be paying the $ 1.1 million in interest due and asked that they defer $ 245 million of future loan payments .	30	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
" We do not provide beneficiary services to deceive banks .	8	contact.prevarication.broadcast
They also photographed the smuggled papers , and Barakat promised them that he ’d supply the originals if the case went to trial .	14	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the CIA 's help .	5	movement.transportperson.hide
( Boston Globe ) Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised new measures to counter gun smuggling and stiffen Canada ’s already tough gun laws .	15	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
“ The political system that has 77 parties and 14 running for the parliament prevents normal dialogue , which is bad , in my opinion , ” he said .	16	contact.discussion.n/a
Credit : United Hatzalah)Later Tuesday evening , Hamas welcomed the string of terror attacks against Israelis that occurred within hours of each other in Jaffa , Petah Tikva and Jerusalem . The Palestinian terror group said the attacks proved that the current wave of Palestinian violence has not desisted and that attempts to thwart it have not succeeded . Hours earlier , three Israelis were wounded in two separate terror attacks that occurred within minutes of each other in Jerusalem and the Tel Aviv suburb of Petah Tikva . Scene of stabbing attack in Petah TikvaIn the attack in Jerusalem , two Israeli police officers were wounded by an Arab gunman targeting the security forces outside the Damascus Gate of the Old City .	91	conflict.attack.stabbing
In our view , the sole legitimate reason for disclosing classified information springs from the only “ oath ” we all took – “ to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic . ” When , for example , Edward Snowden saw the U.S. government grossly violating our Fourth Amendment right to be “ secure ” against warrantless “ searches and seizures , ” he gave more weight to that oath ( ethicists call it a supervening value ) than to the promise he had made not to disclose information that could harm U.S. national security .	17	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Instead , they aimed to “ establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , provide for the common defense , promote the general welfare , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ” They took account of future generations by establishing an enduring guide to those principles most relevant to our nation ’s fundamental challenges , including those arising centuries after the Constitution ’s signing .	6	government.formation.startgpe
Last week the Finnish interior ministry announced that around 20,000 of the 32,000 asylum applications Finland received last year would likely be rejected and those people expelled .	13	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
A presidential pardon may stop him facing jail in the US ( though no charges have been brought against him there so far ) , but it wo n’t stop his extradition to Sweden to face sexual assault allegations .	31	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
The strong rebuke in the White House East Room came after Trump 's criticism of the family of a slain Muslim US soldier , along with comments that displayed apparent confusion related to the Russian incursion into Ukraine .	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Inspections : International monitors will be able to carry out a comprehensive programme of inspection of Iran 's nuclear facilities .	14	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
He ’s urged his supporters to monitor polling sites ; he ’s suggested even that the polls are rigged .	2	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The report recommends continuing to reducing mandatory minimum sentences , testing for all inmates who enter parish jails for HIV , and transferring those with HIV to state prisons with “ adequate ” services .	17	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
This one , carried out by a rejected Syrian asylum seeker occurred outside a bar in Ansbach , wounded 15 people - many seriously .	9	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Forbes reported that its sources were saying the bitcoin auction was likely just an attempt to gain media attention .	9	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Nobody knows how many guns that equals , but in 2013 , U.S. gun manufacturers rolled out 10,844,792 guns , and we imported an additional 5,539,539 .	22	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
We need to stand up and form strategies against those who espouse extremist ideologies and recruit others to engage in violent acts in our communities on their behalf .	15	personnel.startposition.hiring
So he has hired as chief executive of his campaign a man named Stephen Bannon , who will not only let Trump be Trump but also encourage him to be even Trumpier .	3	personnel.startposition.n/a
Under the budget agreement , defense took half of the cuts – even though it makes up only one - sixth of the budget .	3	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
That includes an $ 11.7 million loan from a Kremlin - controlled bank to the party of France 's far - right Marine Le Pen .	6	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The Senate voted to reject ratification of the nuclear test ban treaty on Oct. 13 , 1999 .	11	government.agreements.n/a
Green Party representative Scott McLarty said that the Green Party had no comment on the matter , saying that it deserves to be investigated if evidence emerges that Rich ’s murder was indeed politically motivated .	30	life.die.n/a
THE BATTLE OF MARSEILLE : ENGLAND FANS CLASH AT FRANCE ' 98 The sight of drunken England fans scuffling , brawling and posturing in front of lines of French police is a reminder of a hooligan culture the FA hoped had been stamped out .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Trump was referring to Senator John McCain , a former Navy pilot who was tortured during his five - and - a - half years as a POW during the Vietnam war .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Elsewhere , B-52s went on airborne alert for strikes within the Soviet Union , and plans were developed for a strike on Cuba .	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Perhaps nothing sums up Clinton ’s foreign policy better than a recent photo of her warmly hugging George W. Bush at Nancy Reagan ’s funeral — an almost too - perfect metaphor for Clinton ’s embrace of neocon policies .	24	contact.funeralvigil.meet
This is a decision WhatsApp made on its own , before it was acquired .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
-- Cause for concern : MS-13 is making a comeback in the streets of D.C. An 18-year - old man , arrested in a series of what police describe as random robberies and assaults in Northwest Washington , might be linked to the Central American gang , which has been mostly active in the suburbs .	31	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Barack Obama recently attempted to sway the British public to reject Brexit ; we do n’t just broadcast the Voice of America to expose the world to jazz .	17	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
The woman takes pity on the animal and holds it to her bosom , upon which the snake bites and poisons her .	20	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
“ In the USA in 2014 , African American men were more than five times more likely than white people to be incarcerated for drug offences in their lifetime , although there is no significant difference in rates of drug use among these populations .	22	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He stumbled again on those topics during Thursday night ’s two - hour debate .	1	movement.transportperson.fall
Mr. Untermeyer , among other things , stated : " ... holy war ... in which we are embarked .. it is a war which must be waged unremittingly ... the Jews are the aristocrats of the world ... the economic boycott against all German goods , shipping and services ... boycott is our only really effective weapon ... bring the German people to their senses by destroying their export trade on which their very existence depends ... we shall force them to learn ... it is not sufficient that you buy no goods in Germany ... you must refuse to deal with any merchant or shopkeeper who sells any German - made goods ... we will drive the last nail in the coffin ... " That statement was made on August 7 , 1933 , when not a hair on the head of a Talmudist in Germany had been touched .	41	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
It ’s the latest reflection of deep concern among voting rights advocates about potential voter intimidation and suppression this fall .	14	government.vote.violationspreventvote
The hijacker 's surrender came shortly after several people were seen fleeing the aircraft .	3	conflict.yield.n/a
In an e - mail to Ars , Impoco reiterated that the publication is " still investigating ” and that investigators have “ nothing definitive .	9	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Japan and Russia will set up a working group that includes Japanese firms with cutting - edge technology to improve living conditions in Russian cities by upgrading public transport and waste disposal facilities , sources close to the matter said .	28	movement.transportperson.n/a
The last Ukraine entry to the Eurovision song contest was a jolly , forgettable pop song called Tick Tock in which Mariya Yaremchuk urged her lover to “ kiss and kiss me till I drop ” .	23	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Before long , Israel discovered that Hamas , in recent years , had constructed a massive network of at least 60 underground missile storage - and - transport tunnels throughout Gaza .	27	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Ten miles west of the protests , a man who does n't want to be named , for fear of retribution , admits he looks forward to the pipeline .	5	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
It may seem counter - intuitive , but in white collar criminal cases , the FBI gives the targets of its investigations an opportunity to come in and explain why the target should not be indicted .	35	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
UN investigators yesterday ­announced that more than 700 doctors and medical workers had been killed during the conflict , many of them in airstrikes .	23	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
But he added that a longstanding trade embargo prevents a full restoration of ties .	7	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The bill ’s tier system for how well or poorly countries protect religious freedom would be similar to the one used in the annual State Department report on human trafficking .	29	movement.transportperson.n/a
No restrictions based on pre - existing illness , employment , immigration status , age , or any other category .	7	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
“ Just think about this : Do we really want to be a country where foreign leaders or foreign intelligence agencies can blackmail our elected officials and say to them that unless you do what we want you to do , we ’re gon na release emails from your campaign manager , your wife , your daughter , your son , and we ’re gon na embarrass you .	22	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
An alternative universe has been constructed where Trump ’s worst sins never happened , where anyone who refuses to back the lifelong big - government statist with a historic penchant for dishonesty is a traitor to conservatism .	5	manufacture.artifact.n/a
" We have a situation where we have our inner cities , African - Americans , Hispanics are living in hell because it 's so dangerous , " he said during the first presidential debate .	34	contact.negotiate.meet
Screenshots of the documents reveal how much banks donated to Democratic lawmakers and how much the banks received from the 2008 bailout bill called Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .	8	transaction.transaction.n/a
" Even North Koreans who have escaped to China , and who are or become Christians , are often repatriated and subsequently imprisoned in a political prison camp . "	22	movement.transportperson.preventexit
While Clinton is clear that she never had any intention to mishandle classified documents , a fact that FBI Director James Comey noted as a factor in his decision not to recommend any charges against the former secretary of state , answers she gave to FBI agents during a July 2 interview are likely to reinforce the Republican campaign talking point that she lied to cover up her own recklessness with government secrets .	31	contact.requestadvise.meet
The AFP news agency , quoting a US official , said that " the [ Syrian ] regime has rejected UN requests to deliver aid to eastern Aleppo - using starvation as a weapon of war " .	30	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Who congratulated himself on having " the world 's greatest memory , " then three weeks later testified in a deposition he had no memory of saying that .	17	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
One audience member asked Trump : “ As president , what specifically would you do to support all victims of sexual assault in the military ? ”	21	conflict.attack.n/a
Shell has already promised to cut 10,500 more jobs worldwide once the BG deal is consummated on 15 February .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The second victim , 82 , was also stabbed multiple times and is in the department for heart surgery . She does n’t need surgery , but is being closely monitored due to a preexisting heart condition . ”Meanwhile , Rosenfeld said , security has been heightened throughout the capital , and will continue at elevated levels throughout the holiday . “All public areas will have additional police units deployed and nothing will be left to chance , as the city observes Remembrance Day and Independence Day , ” he said . Last October , the Armon Hanatziv / East Talpiot neighborhood made international headlines after two terrorists from Jebl Mukaber stormed an Egged bus and stabbed and shot four victims to death before being killed by police . To stymie the deadly violence between the Arab and Jewish communities , police temporarily set up a concrete wall and checkpoint around Jebl Mukaber , which was soon taken down amid protests by human rights groups . Near the scene of Tuesday ’s attack , a cross - section of residents expressed shock and indignation that the assailants preyed on women in their 80s . Meir Shahar , 67 , a longtime resident of Armon Hanatziv/ East Talpiot said young Arab residents from Jebl Mukaber have long intimidated and terrorized Jews living in his neighborhood , but said he was stunned that defenseless elderly women were stabbed in the back . “These are old women ! ” he said with clear revulsion .	8	conflict.attack.stabbing
“ Those Russian comrades of ours have made greater sacrifices , have suffered more , and have shed more heroic blood than any like number of men and women anywhere on Earth , ” Debs proclaimed .	35	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Earlier this week Stone said that “ I do have a back - channel communication with Assange , ” referring to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , whose organization has been dropping documents online from Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta , and has been unloading documents from other Democrats as well .	44	movement.transportperson.n/a
Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos : Terrorist attack in Tunisia A Tunisian forensics expert inspects the beach on June 27 .	15	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Hide Caption 18 of 29 Photos : San Bernardino shooting Police in SWAT gear secure the area .	9	conflict.attack.firearmattack
" When Vietnam acquired the EXTRA system , it was always thought that it would be deployed on the Spratlys ... it is the perfect weapon for that , " said Siemon Wezeman , a senior arms researcher at the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) .	3	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Manafort resigned last week , shortly after disclosures by The Associated Press about his firm 's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine 's pro - Russian government at the time .	1	personnel.endposition.n/a
Soon , Marlinspike was helping to build end - to - end encryption across all of WhatsApp , alongside Acton and Koum and a small team of WhatsApp engineers .	6	manufacture.artifact.build
facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:28 Wake County school official excited to see comeback for Teaching Fellows program Pause 1:30 Governor ’s School for top students could face budget cuts 0:53 Factcheck : Richard Burr claims uncommon transparency in Trump , Russia investigation 2:52 GOP 's Hayes : Cooper does n't have authority to call for special election 1:49 NAACP activists threatened with arrest while delivering letter to House speaker ’s office 2:11 NAACP 's Barber wants General Assembly to stop making laws 1:15 Black lawmakers call for quick redistricting 0:58 North Carolina GOP lawmaker : NC House budget plan eliminates Pre - K wait list 1:09 McKissick : Republicans circumvented Cooper 's call for special session 3:17 Berger : Why Cooper 's call for special session voted down Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select	2	contact.collaborate.correspondence
A handful of senior insiders at firms such as Spanish company Tecnicas Reunidas , French firm Technip and drilling giant MI - SWACO , not only actively supported bribery but pocketed their own kickbacks ; US defence giant Honeywell and Australia ’s Leighton Offshore agreed to hide bribes inside fraudulent contracts in Iraq ; a Rolls - Royce manager negotiated a monthly kickback for leaking information from inside the British firm .	59	contact.discussion.correspondence
In truth , refugees are n’t entirely fleeing ISIS ; they are tragically immigrating into the very NATO countries that ironically are bombing their homeland , only to face more violence from anti - immigrant far - right nationalists .	13	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Bernie responded that “ we ’re hiring the most qualified people	6	personnel.startposition.n/a
The key to addressing climate change is to win elections and break the deadlock of corporate power .	8	personnel.elect.winelection
The man at the bottom who , left to himself , would starve in his hopeless ineptitude , contributes nothing to those above him , but receives the bonus of all of their brains . ” ) But since the virtuous producer class amounts to a small minority , it is helpless before the majority that is able to confiscate their rightful earnings through democratic means .	59	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Shortly after the ceasefire ended , a UN and Syrian Arab Red Crescent aid convoy was hit in an airstrike , killing about 20 people .	19	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
1 enemy — not Al - Qaida , Russia — unless you ’re still stuck in a Cold War mind warp . ” But , now , as President , Obama ’s own National Security Strategy 2015 refers to Russia on 17 of the 18 occasions where it employs the term “ aggression , ” and he does n’t refer even once to Saudi Arabia that way , even though the Saudi royal family ( who control that country ) have been the major funders of Al Qaeda , and though 15 of the 19 perpetrators on 9/11 were Saudis — none of them was Russian — and though 92 % of the citizenry in the nation that the Saud family owns and whose ‘ news ’ media and clerics drum into those people ’s heads the holiness of jihad , approve of ISIS ( which the Saud family prohibit inside Saudi Arabiua even while supporting and funding the jihadists in Syria and elsewhere ) , and though the Sauds as the country ’s leaders are using American weapons and training to bomb and starve - to - death Yemenis .	184	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
In other words , all representatives of what authoritarians would ( probably subconsciously ) consider to be threatening out - groups and the forces of frightening social change .	17	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Vice - President Joe Biden issued a statement saying she has been unjustly imprisoned and calling on Russia to release her immediately .	13	movement.transportperson.n/a
In 2013 , Rep. Steve Stockman Steve StockmanFormer congressman indicted on conspiracy charges Ex - GOP rep blames arrest on ' deep state ' conspiracy Former Texas rep Steve Stockman facing conspiracy charge MORE ( R - Texas ) , for example , invited outspoken musician and gun right supporter Ted Nugent to attend in anticipation of Obama 's remarks on the issue of guns .	9	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Men and voters 40 and older are more likely than women and younger voters to disagree with the FBI ’s decision not to indict Clinton .	23	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Ukraine got a deadly taste of what Russia 's forces could do in the Donetsk region town of Ilovaysk in August 2014 , when hundreds of Ukrainian troops were massacred after being surrounded , and again in February 2015 in Debaltseve , on a key highway between Donetsk and Luhansk .	29	conflict.attack.n/a
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton charged her Ambassador to Libya , Chris Stevens , with the job of securing the shipment of weapons seized by the US government , which were formerly the property of the government of Libya .	20	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
They funnel tens of millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation and hire Bill Clinton to deliver a speech and pay an exorbitant speaking fee , and — voila !	12	personnel.startposition.hiring
Cheniere Energy ’s newly completed Sabine Pass facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast recently sent a shipment of American liquefied natural gas , which should arrive in Portugal within a few days .	16	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Since we know that Isis sells Syrian and Iraqi oil to the Turks – Russian bomber pilots have seen miles of Isis oil convoys running to the horizon towards Turkey – and since Turkish journalists have been imprisoned for reporting on secret Turkish arms transfers to Islamists in Syria – the Americans are , in effect , blaming Isis for the genocide of a hundred thousand or more human beings while being too frightened to label the Armenian massacres of a million and a half souls as genocide lest it offend Isis ’ sinister chums in Turkey .	61	life.die.n/a
Police reportedly said afterward that initial investigations indicated the blast was likely to have been a terrorist attack .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ During the couple of months in which everybody was sure Ebola was going to destroy the Earth and there was 24/7 coverage of Ebola , if I had fed the panic or in any way strayed from ‘ Here are the facts , here ’s what needs to be done , here ’s how we ’re handling it , the likelihood of you getting Ebola is very slim , and here ’s what we need to do both domestically and overseas to stamp out this epidemic , ’ ” then “ maybe people would have said ‘ Obama is taking this as seriously as he needs to be . ’ ” But feeding the panic by overreacting could have shut down travel to and from three African countries that were already cripplingly poor , in ways that might have destroyed their economies — which would likely have meant , among other things , a recurrence of Ebola .	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Hillary has been pushing hard for Assange ’s extradition to the United States on , ironically , espionage charges ( which she escaped ) and wants WikiLeaks torn off the web .	18	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Trump ’s remarks reference an incident days earlier when Iranian ships harassed an American Navy Patrol Ship in the Persian Gulf and nearly cause a collision with the U.S. ship .	25	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
And we will build an Air Force of at least 1,200 fighter aircraft , which the Heritage Foundation has shown to be needed to execute current missions – we have 1,113 now .	3	manufacture.artifact.n/a
In 2012 , Pfizer teamed up with the U.S. Agency for International Development , an arm of the State Department , for a major purchase of contraceptive drugs that were to be distributed to three million women .	24	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
A number of European countries have legislated to ban or restrict things associated with the Islamic faith .	6	government.legislate.legislate
He tells me about an 8-year - old girl who got killed , and a college girl who got raped , and in both cases the gun trace Urrutia did solved the crime .	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Would the fate of someone like Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE or John Kasich , or perhaps even Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE or Jeb Bush have been different ?	120	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Yet the United States — even after a wave of shale drilling boosted U.S. domestic output by about 4 million barrels a day — still imports about half of its petroleum needs .	25	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
DEATH PENALTY 19 states and the District of Columbia have banned the death penalty .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Every year , hundreds of pagans and non - pagans congregate at Stonehenge to see the sun rise in the morning and welcome in the summer .	10	contact.collaborate.n/a
" Voting has never been easier and more Americans are seeing Donald Trump 's fear mongering for what it really is .	1	government.vote.castvote
Clinton also switched her position to support the U.S.-Colombia Free Trade Agreement , actively pushing Congress to ratify a pact she had previously pledged to oppose .	23	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Donnie Wahlberg endorsed Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE , his campaign announced Sunday .	66	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
“ Ongoing analysis of legally required public disclosures reveals that while Mrs. Clinton served as director , the Clinton Foundation and its principal constituent elements , filed false and materially misleading tax returns with the IRS and with other governmental authorities , for multiple years , ” Ortel charges in his second report on alleged Clinton Foundation mismanagement .	30	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Iran said on Sunday that it had indeed Amiri had been hanged for treason .	11	conflict.attack.n/a
Still wearing shorts and flip - flops , he was flanked by four commandos holding machine guns , while a quartet of senior Royal Thai Police officers briefed the assembled reporters on the charges against him .	29	manufacture.artifact.build
Hide Caption 53 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city An Iraqi soldier receives treatment after being injured during clashes with ISIS fighters near Bazwaya on October 31 .	25	life.injure.n/a
Embargo has n’t worked for 50 + years .	0	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Bennis says that " though unlikely , " it remains " possible " that Saturday 's attack on Syrian troops exposes a U.S. strategy of direct war against the government of President Bashar al - Assad .	26	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Tens of thousands of people in Ukraine , Belarus and south Russia were evacuated immediately after the 1986 accident from a wide area around the nuclear plant and places where the radioactive plume descended .	13	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
The report by Wada ’s independent commission , chaired by Dick Pound , detailed how the Black Tidings account was held by Ian Tan Tong Han , who was a consultant to Athlete Management and Services , a Dentsu Sport subsidiary based in Lucerne , Switzerland , that was set up to market and deliver the commercial rights granted to it by the IAAF .	58	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Turkey accuses U.S.-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen of masterminding the coup and has suspended or placed under investigation tens of thousands of his suspected followers , including soldiers , judges and academics .	17	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
-- Fear of an imminent terrorist attack is one of the top concerns of people across the globe , with most expecting extremist groups will acquire weapons of mass destruction , according to a new poll conducted in eight countries .	25	transaction.transferownership.n/a
40.”Clinton ’s Private Emails Could Be Used as A Blackmail File for Foreign Governments ”	9	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
“ I see him standing strong , and he ’ll only resign if someone tries to force him to do something he thinks is wrong . ”	11	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Never mind that more Mexicans have returned to their country than have immigrated to the United States since 2009 ; in Trump ’s world they flood across the border , mandating the construction of a wall .	12	movement.transportperson.n/a
In addition , if the row rolls on , it may prove difficult to keep oil shipments moving along the strategically important Strait of Hormuz waterway .	16	movement.transportartifact.n/a
And all of these countries have problems : Norway 's oil income , upon which so much of its prosperity relies , has fallen off a cliff ; like the teenager who advertised a house party on Facebook , the Swedes are now somewhat dismayed that tens of thousands of refugees and economic migrants have turned up on their front lawn ; and with its own modest oil revenues dwindling , Denmark is facing up to the fact that the growth of its much - vaunted welfare state is no longer economically sustainable .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
That ’s because the U.S. media , by showing only one side of the conflict , by presenting only the nationalistic viewpoint , propagandized — deceived — American viewers by making them more ignorant rather than more enlightened .	25	contact.prevarication.n/a
CBS News ca n't independently verify the videos , but they appear to show the Syrian regime 's new offensive in Aleppo Province , which is backed by Russian airstrikes .	29	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Additionally , we have well - trodden mechanisms for reducing the dangers of military confrontation through accidental or inadvertent collisions at sea or in the air , including “ hot lines ” between senior military leaders .	19	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Lock her up , ' ' chanted his supporters . Trump also blamed Hillary Clinton for North Korea 's nuclear advances , and his campaign dredged up efforts going back to the Bill Clinton administration to temper Pyongyang with incentives . In an indication of what a Trump foreign policy will look like , he spoke of what his response would be to the kind of skirmish Iran and U.S naval ships have been having in the Gulf recently .	66	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Drunken English fans are captured hurling bottles at police and other fans during the violent clashes in the Old Port district of Marseille	4	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
ISIS bought the loyalty of the al - Nusra Front 's Emirs and executed everyone who refused to switch sides .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
The U.S. military has suffered 2,384 fatalities in the war , though the yearly count has fallen dramatically , from a high of 499 in 2010 to six so far this year , according to iCasualties.org .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
China ’s J-11 multirole air superiority fighters could take off from Woody Island to conduct combat air patrols .	15	conflict.attack.n/a
The import of Turkish fruit and vegetables , poultry and salt	1	movement.transportartifact.n/a
With a tiny minority of Muslims to join the dialogue , the public debate has splayed outward to the extremes .	9	contact.discussion.meet
RELATED STORIES ' DAD DIED IN MY ARMS ' Daughter , 26 , cradled her dying dad after he was mowed down by Finsbury Park terror van ROBERT COLVILE Following its recent purchase of Whole Foods , Amazon has become a monster we should be afraid of ' Pics ' dad suicide Dad - of - two , 50 , shoots himself in US after he was wrongly accused of possessing indecent images TOT , SKIP AND JUMP Bizarre festival in Spain sees men dressed as The Devil leap over babies to rid the tots of bad spirits HE 'S IN THE BAG Iraqi illegal immigrant is discovered being smuggled into Britain on the back seat of a car ... in a SUITCASE ' IT 'S CLEAR AS DAY ' Cops confirm stabbed dad took photo just as killer who knifed him to death in his car pounced ' YOU JUST HAVE TO RUN ' Couple doused themselves in water and dashed through 16 floors of fire to safety - after sobbing 999 operator said ' nobody could save them '	109	movement.transportartifact.hide
" It violates the commitment Secretary Clinton made to Congress and the Executive Branch following her nomination to be Secretary of State , " Cornyn wrote .	2	government.agreements.violateagreement
According to the fund , firearms were responsible for 41 of 123 officer fatalities in 2015 , one of the safest years for officers on record .	13	life.die.n/a
Bennet Omalu , the forensic pathologist who has made the NFL so uncomfortable with his discovery of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in the brains of deceased players , suggests that Hillary Clinton ’s campaign be checked for possible poisons after her collapse Sunday in New York .	24	life.die.n/a
The former official said Dengayev and Uvais Sharapudinov ( no relation to Saadu ) agreed a deal with the local FSB to stop fighting in exchange for avoiding arrest and shortly afterwards decided to leave Russia .	28	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The Clinton campaign has seized on the argument that there is a media double standard in pushing back against questions about its handling of Clinton ’s illness .	26	life.injure.n/a
Early reports suggest up to 100 people were crushed by the fleeing crowds .	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
There has been drastically more discussion of apologizing — an immaterial action — than there has been of not wasting $ 1 trillion on new nukes that should never again be used , lest hundreds of thousands more civilians be slaughtered .	40	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Omalu , famously played by Will Smith in “ Concussion , ” has studied and obtained a number of degrees .	15	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The organisation posted a tweet at around 9 am on Wednesday Sydney time , with links that promised access to 678.4 megabytes of new " DNC documents " .	17	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Why suddenly , weeks before the election and years after the alleged assault , is this “ Jane Doe ” magically appearing ?	12	conflict.attack.n/a
But he has not echoed Republican Senator Ted Cruz ’s vow to tear up the agreement on “ day one . ” Nor is he likely to walk back recognition of Cuba .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Last week , liberal House members walked over to the Senate side of the Capitol to offer moral support for Connecticut ’s Chris Murphy as he filibustered past 2 a.m. Last night , senators like Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders came over to the House .	6	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
The book , in which Hitler outlined his vision of the “ thousand - year Reich ” and also policy of exterminating whole peoples in Europe , is on sale at $ 12,000 - 15,000 .	21	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Well I have to say everybody is going to get brutalized , the two nominees are going to be pretty battered and bruised are they not .	10	life.injure.n/a
Earlier this month Angela Merkel responded to growing pressure to harden her stance on refugees after protesters paraded signs that read : " Rape refugees not welcome " .	23	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Terrorists get annihilated in Russia .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
They need to get used to it ... Well , and then , funny , ha ha , not funny , but now , what they 're doing is wailing , ' Well , Trump and his Trumpeters , they 're not conservative enough ' .... And he , who would negotiate deals , kind of with the skills of a community organizer maybe organizing a neighborhood tea , well , he deciding that , ' No , America would apologize as part of the deal , ' as the enemy sends a message to the rest of the world that they capture and we kowtow , and we apologize , and then , we bend over and say , ' Thank you , enemy . ' "	102	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Now , as noted above , there are other shadow banking activities additional to those of MMMFs — derivatives writing and trading , for example , like that done by AIG before 2008 , and speculative ( not to mention exploitative ) securitizable mortgage lending like that done by Countrywide in the same period .	44	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The victim ’s mother told NBC Washington that police initially told her that her son may have been the victim of an attempted robbery .	23	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
A month later , news reports said that the ousted founder of Fox News , Roger Ailes , would be helping Trump prepare for the debates .	9	personnel.endposition.n/a
To show her seriousness , the former secretary of state suggested deploying additional U.S. forces to the Persian Gulf region and recommended that Congress “ close any gaps ” in the existing sanctions to punish Iran for any current or future instances of human rights abuses and support for terror .	32	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Al - Masri tells the Egyptian army : “ We advise you to repent before we manage to find you .	10	contact.requestadvise.meet
At the National Tracing Center , they figured out where the guns came from , as well as who bought them — the slain assailants .	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
But “ when the media are intimidated or imprisoned for critical reporting , when Internet freedom is curtailed and social media sites .	6	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Sen. Kelly Ayotte , a New Hampshire Republican running for re - election who stumbled this week over the question of whether Trump represented a good role model for children , quickly condemned Trump 's statement .	14	movement.transportperson.fall
These manic - depressive episodes caused him to plummet in the polls and ultimately left him on the maximally absurd strategic track : trying to right the ship and win back the political middle under the direction of Bannon , an infamous idiot , extremist and Internet conspiracy theorist whose ex - wife claimed in court filings that he " did n't want [ his kids ] to go to school with Jews . "	8	movement.transportperson.n/a
Marcel Lazar , 44 , who used the alias online , had pleaded guilty in May to charges including unauthorized access to a protected computer and aggravated identity theft after being extradited from Romania .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
I saw two friends hurl their rocks at once , high , weak , arcing throws that burst up through street - light - yellow , low - hanging branches .	4	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
“ I can not in good conscience vote to draft our daughters into the military , sending them off to war and forcing them into combat , ” Cruz , who ended his presidential campaign this month , said in a statement .	25	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In a readout of the telephone call between Kerry and Cavosoglu , the department said Kerry told his fellow diplomat , " public insinuations or claims about any role by the United States in the failed coup attempt are utterly false and harmful to our bilateral relations . "	36	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
When the Joker started decapitating American citizens , the president abandoned his policy of non - intervention in Syria .	4	life.die.n/a
Between September 2010 and May 2011 , 1MDB agreed to lend an additional $ 830 m to the joint venture with PetroSaudi – bringing 1MDB ’s total investment to $ 1.83bn .	10	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre - Henry Brandet says the driver whose car exploded as he tried to ram a police vehicle is ' most probably ' dead .	12	conflict.attack.bombing
Meanwhile , earlier this year , Stein ’s running mate , Ajamu Baraka , contributed an essay to a volume edited by Holocaust denier and 9/11 truther Kevin Barrett .	22	life.die.n/a
The hand - written and recently exposed ledgers suggest that Manafort continued to receive payouts well after Yanukovych had won the election , but anti - corruption investigators are not yet sure if Manafort actually received the payments .	37	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Trump has paid an IRS penalty and reimbursed the foundation , his company said .	2	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In 2010 , the secretary of state herself took the stage at the glitzy annual meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative and announced the State Department 's commitment to the clean cookstoves alliance , which sought to reduce dependence on cookstoves for heating and cooking in developing countries .	22	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
In a letter to John Brennan , Director of the CIA , she wrote : “ Your prompt response will allay my concern that this was more than an ‘ accident ’ ” .	30	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
" There should be no bank too big to fail and no individual too big to jail , " Clinton said during the fourth Democratic debate in January .	16	movement.transportperson.preventexit
( Although American citizens have been prohibited from buying fully automatic weapons since the Reagan administration , machine guns that were already in private hands before the ban was passed were grandfathered in , and those licenses were made transferable . )	8	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
At least 10 people were killed and 30 injured .	5	life.die.n/a
Finally , after 3 months of heated battles , the Syrian Arab Army was able to free the village of Kessab , and at the same time , the Turkish government transported the kidnapped elderly Syrians to Beirut , Lebanon by air , and then they came to Latakia , Syria by bus .	31	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
Oum Mohammad , whose real name is something else , smuggled Expressen 's camera into al - Raqqah .	10	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Abbas ' attendance at the funeral will provide the event with a real diplomatic character .	5	contact.funeralvigil.meet
Trump ran a full - page ad in newspapers in 1989 calling for the return of the death penalty after five black teens were arrested for the rape and beating of a jogger in Central Park .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Clinton has also been a tireless advocate for women and families since the 1970s and , unlike any secretary of state before her , made global women 's issues a key point on her agenda .	6	contact.requestadvise.meet
Marcel Lazar , 44 , who used the alias online , had pleaded guilty in May to charges including unauthorised access to a protected computer and aggravated identity theft after being extradited from Romania .	31	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
" In connection with an unrelated case , the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation , " Comey wrote the chairmen .	22	justice.investigate.n/a
Harrouff allegedly stabbed the couple with a switchblade knife he was known to carry around .	2	conflict.attack.stabbing
For comparison , the asteroid that is believed to have killed off the dinosaurs was a whopping six miles wide and released energy when it exploded that was equivalent to a billion times the energy of an atomic bomb , NASA said .	25	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
She is campaigning against the trade deals she negotiated , and which I support for both economic and foreign policy reasons .	8	contact.negotiate.meet
She belatedly broke with the Iraq War during Campaign 2008 only when she realized that her hawkish stance was damaging her political chances against Obama , who had opposed the U.S. invasion in 2003 .	19	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Both the operation of target organ systems lung function in this case and resulting illnesses , including asbestosis , mesothelioma , and silicosis , are followed .	14	life.injure.n/a
What would the toll to civilians have been if the White House ’s proposed strike had been carried out ? »	13	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
It would potentially get an economic windfall if the United States adopted policies advocated by Trump .	13	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Neither the Clinton camp nor the party ’s leadership will have a problem with that demand .	15	contact.commandorder.n/a
In the future , we need to assume that anything leaked could be false , designed to deceive and manipulate .	17	contact.prevarication.broadcast
The bitter argument seemed to tip into violence this week when Jo Cox , a Labour MP and outspoken Remain supporter , was shot and killed by a gunman who reportedly shouted “ Britain first ” before the attack .	38	life.injure.n/a
But he did throw in , he did throw some things to his base .	8	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Chuck Colson said it was Richard Nixon ’s “ us - versus - them ” mentality that led to the creation of “ the plumbers ” — the group charged with plugging press leaks , eventually triggering the Watergate scandal .	29	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Donald Trump called for Comey himself to be investigated .	8	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Reporter for Ukrainian Pravda and critic of leaders in Ukraine , Belarus and Russia was driving to work when car exploded	20	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Adding to the military 's problems is India 's three - decade effort to build a single - engine fighter of its own which was meant to be the backbone of the air force .	14	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Purchase , feeding , clothing , etc , could n’t be done if your economic situation was meager .	0	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The EU recently tightened up rules on grants and trade perks for settler firms as well as on retail labels for settler - made food , wine , and cosmetics .	7	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
While Trump officials reportedly blocked a move to add language calling for the U.S. shipment of weapons to Ukraine ’s government , the platform does include a firm passage about Putin ’s aggression there .	14	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Following in the footsteps of her mentor , former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , Clinton supported and legitimized the right - wing Honduran military coup that ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya in 2009 , plunging Honduras into record - setting violence that sent thousands of children fleeing for their lives .	27	personnel.endposition.n/a
A July 27 , 2009 , exchange of emails begins with Abedin advising Clinton scheduler Lona Valmoro that “ wjc ” ( William Jefferson Clinton ) wants special treatment for high - dollar Foundation donor and Dow Chemical ’s CEO Andrew Liveris .	12	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
We need to attack systematic racism because there is no doubt that African Americans are often arrested , charged , convicted and incarcerated for doing the exactly the same thing as white Americans do .	22	movement.transportperson.preventexit
If the FBI fails to indict Hillary Clinton , then the public , as well as the intelligence community , will start pointing fingers .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
One of the mines exploded on the embassy area near its residential department .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
The medical charity Doctors Without Borders said 23 people have died of starvation since Dec. 1 at a clinic the group supports in Madaya , six of them infants less than 1 year old .	12	life.injure.n/a
Assange refuses to go to Sweden in fear of then being extradited to the U.S.	11	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
A Kurdish official said the Menagh base which was hit had been captured by the Kurdish - allied Jaysh al - Thuwwar group rather than the YPG .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
I think he did n’t enter into guaranteeing $ 900 million in personal loans in order to engineer a write‑off six or seven years later .	13	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Columbus police Officer Steven Smith was in an armored vehicle April 10 , serving on a SWAT team that was trying to serve a warrant for alleged arson , when a man inside an apartment fired a shot into the vehicle , hitting Smith , CNN affiliate WCMH reported	27	conflict.attack.setfire
It says : ' The [ Nato ] force [ in Poland ] is not required to win the war , but it must be able to fight alongside the host - nation forces to buy Nato more time for reinforcement .	35	transaction.transferownership.n/a
In the future , we need to assume that anything leaked could be false , designed to deceive and manipulate .	17	contact.prevarication.meet
2016 UGLIEST DEBATE EVER Clinton says Trump 's campaign is exploding .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
So why does Obama stumble when explaining to the American people that he , too , cares about terrorism ?	4	movement.transportperson.fall
In April 2007 , it announced the purchase of a uranium mill in Utah and more than 38,000 acres of uranium exploration properties in four Western states , followed quickly by the acquisition of the Energy Metals Corporation and its uranium holdings in Wyoming , Texas and Utah .	7	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Dozens of asylum seekers are resisting and have left the camp , around 30 others staged a brief hunger strike in protest .	21	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Hillary will convene a high level working group of experts , business and labor leaders to recommend how best to ensure that people have the benefits and security they need no matter how they work .	2	contact.discussion.correspondence
It said clashes were taking place at the border .	2	conflict.attack.n/a
Not all outdated information has been purged , according to Menzel , so some of those records likely include information for deceased voters or those who have subsequently moved .	21	life.die.nonviolentdeath
In 1975 , the year she married Bill Clinton , she stopped in at a Marine recruiting office in Arkansas to inquire about joining the active forces or reserves .	16	personnel.startposition.hiring
Trump promises to use the power of the government as a tool to better people ’s lives .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The Organization for Security and Cooperation In Europe issued a report in September saying that , since Russia 's land grab , fundamental freedoms have " deteriorated radically " for many in Crimea , especially for pro - Ukrainian activists , journalists , and the Crimean Tatar community .	19	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
But , remember , Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African Americans , and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy .	24	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The case was dismissed by the trial judge .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Hillary 's record includes supporting the barbaric " contras " against the Nicaraguan people in the 1980s , supporting the NATO bombing of the former Yugoslavia , supporting the ongoing Bush - Iraq War , the ongoing Afghan mess , and as Secretary of State the destruction of the secular state of Libya , the military coup in Honduras , and the present attempt at " regime change " in Syria .	56	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Earlier this month , Assange appeared at a morning press conference in Europe amid speculation he was about to reveal information that would be damaging for Clinton ’s White House bid .	24	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Hide Caption 24 of 32 Photos : North Dakota pipeline protests People hang a sign near what they say was sacred burial ground disturbed by bulldozers in Cannon Ball .	21	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
And his “ straight - talking ” style suggests he might shoot straight , too .	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Hide Caption 1 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city Families are forced to evacuate as Iraqi forces advance in western Mosul on Thursday , March 2 .	22	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Clinton , who has made more than 30 years of her returns public , has even suggested Trump 's returns may show that he pays no taxes .	16	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Clinton violated the Memorandum of Understanding , according to the New York Times , the moment her family foundation accepted and failed to disclose a string of donations totaling $ 2.35 million from Ian Telfer , the foreign head of the Russian - owned uranium company , Uranium One , which Hillary Clinton approved to acquire U.S. uranium .	1	government.agreements.violateagreement
Clinton 's campaign also ripped Trump 's comments as damaging to the country , in a statement from policy adviser Jake Sullivan .	9	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Wednesday , GOP candidate Donald Trump suggested he would use his authority as president to replace top generals , saying he would seek the advice of generals on the Islamic State , but " they ’d probably be different generals , to be honest with you . "	6	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
He said it was natural for the intelligence organization to meet with Öcalan , and anyone else , as part of its professional vocation , but neither the government nor parliamentarians should meet with Öcalan .	32	contact.discussion.meet
The debt dates to 2013 when Moscow offered the loan to Ukraine under former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , the pro - Russia politician ousted from power during pro - European protests .	24	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
It explains that nuclear weapons are constantly used , in the sense that they “ cast a shadow over any crisis or conflict . ” It also urges a “ national persona ” of irrationality and vindictiveness to intimidate the world .	38	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
I could see him in a bathrobe walking down the promenade in Santa Monica .	7	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
A commentary by Hesham Melhom in Lebanon 's Al - Nahar focuses on Trump 's " unfounded " allegations that elections will be rigged against him : " Trump is trying to prepare himself for losing , intimidate the Democrats and spread a climate of tension to dissuade voters from going to the polls " .	37	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
In fact , Hillary Clinton ’s Sate Department criticized the Arab nation for its “ lack of equal rights for women and children ” and said human trafficking and violence against women are “ common ” in that country .	27	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Indian military officials have said the plan is for the joint venture to build at least 200 Kamov helicopters required by the country 's defence forces , and is part of Modi 's drive to build a defence industrial base in the south Asian nation .	13	manufacture.artifact.build
Putin has also been charged with resisting arrest , according to reports .	4	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Decades ago , when I worked on presidential speeches , some news analyst made fun of me for saying in an interview that we were aiming for a seventh - grade level in a certain televised address .	36	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has suggested that murdered Democratic National Committee employee Seth Rich may have been a source for the organization .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
But the two leaders glossed over some of the thorniest matters , including a Saudi threat to dump U.S. assets if Obama signs into law a bill that could make the kingdom liable for damages stemming from the September 11 terror attacks .	22	government.legislate.legislate
Unlike the start , the debate ends with a handshake .	5	contact.discussion.meet
Superdelegate votes do not count until they are cast , and superdelegates can change their minds at any time before voting at the convention .	20	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
He confronted the Soviet Union , spending heavily on a military buildup that the other side could n’t match , then negotiated deep cuts in nuclear arms .	21	contact.discussion.n/a
They remember the tough line she took in seeking to negotiate a political transition in Syria ; her efforts — though failed — to get Russia to support even modest U.N. Security Council resolutions regarding this humanitarian tragedy ; and her early advocacy for arming Syria opponents of Bashar al - Assad , Moscow ’s ally .	10	contact.negotiate.meet
Even accounting today ’s low oil prices , and as Saudi officials step up arms purchases and military adventures in Yemen and elsewhere , Riyadh is hardly running out of funds .	15	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Clinton began the debate with an impassioned plea to maintain same - sex marriage and abortion rights as well as tighten campaign finance restrictions when speaking about the Supreme Court .	3	contact.negotiate.meet
MORE the following question : “ What happened to the $ 6 million you claimed to have raised for veterans instead of debating your fellow Republicans ? ”	22	contact.discussion.meet
Government officials as well as others also thrive on the ability to buy Hillary Clinton .	12	transaction.transferownership.purchase
So Russia 's interests are murdered journalists , shot down jetliners , a tanked economy , and global isolation ?	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In Hillary ’s upside - down ethical world , sodomy and gender rebellion are “ human rights . ” Our children will be further corrupted as Hillary twists the notion U.S. civil rights law into including male / male or female / female sexual behavior , and ramps up the Obama pressure on public schools to deceive children with deviant “ LGBTQ ” propaganda .	56	contact.prevarication.n/a
Democrats are suing the Trump campaign , Trump ally Roger Stone , and four state Republican parties , alleging illegal voter intimidation .	20	government.vote.violationspreventvote
And so Bernie Sanders , the unlikely charismatic grandfather figure to America , who echoes the promise of New Deal liberalism the American people so desperately clamor for and have not seen since FDR was president , found himself in an impossible position on Tuesday , with supporters falsely led by the media to expect an upset in a race that had been decided weeks ago .	16	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Video footage captured the incident , raising new questions about whether Trump was implicitly encouraging such violence -- by , among other things , vowing to pay the legal fees of any supporters who fought protesters and faced arrest as a result .	24	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In 2015 Finland made it more difficult for migrants from Iraq , Afghanistan and Somalia to get asylum , concluding the security situation had eased in certain areas of those countries .	17	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Any chance Turkey could join the EU by 2020 , as Brexit campaigners have asserted , went up in smoke on Wednesday after the country ’s president , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , signed a draconian new law that in effect demolishes any notion that his country is a fully functioning , western - style democracy .	40	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
He raised taxes 11 times after his initial tax cuts caused the deficit to explode ; he struck a deal to save Social Security , which he had previously wanted to undermine by making it voluntary ; he struck an immigration deal with amnesty for almost 3 million “ illegal immigrants ; ” he negotiated with the Soviets , even coming close to abolishing nuclear weapons .	54	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Campaign research director Tony Carrk emailed top Clinton advisers on Jan. 25 with some “ flags from HRC ’s paid speeches ” that were given during the time between her tenure as secretary of state and when she announced her presidential candidacy .	5	contact.collaborate.n/a
TEAMWORK MAKES THE DREAM WORK — Bangladesh Bank has apparently had a change of heart and decided it wo n’t sue the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the SWIFT financial network over the $ 81 million digital robbery it suffered earlier this year .	39	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
None of the stabbing victims died .	3	conflict.attack.stabbing
70/74 Iraq Militants of the Isis group executing dozens of captured Iraqi security forces members at an unknown location in the Salaheddin province	7	life.die.n/a
“ There ’s a 27-year - old who works for the DNC who was shot in the back , murdered , just a few weeks ago , for unknown reasons as he was walking down the streets in Washington . ”	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Furthermore , it enacted laws to disallow the trial of the military for the crimes they have committed , ” the PKK said on Saturday .	3	government.legislate.legislate
She worked with teenagers incarcerated in adult prisons in South Carolina and families with disabled children in Massachusetts .	4	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
On top of that , an EgyptAir domestic flight was hijacked in March , and terrorists brought down a Russian plane that took off from an Egyptian tourist airport in late October .	10	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
But she said the process of building nuclear weaponry was likelier to cause the sickness described .	14	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
And the national TV station was injuncted five minutes before it went on air , like out of a movie : injunction landed on the news desk , and the news reader was like , " This has never happened before .	21	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Throughout their political careers these seven masters of deception demonstrated that political shrewdness invariably identified with the immoral dogma of 20th century politicians who preach and practice " any means justifies all ends . "	24	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
His hands were bruised , his knees are bruised , his face is bruised , and yet he had two shots to his back , and yet they never took anything , ' his mother Mary told Washington 's NBC affiliate .	13	life.injure.n/a
Amid the violence in east Ukraine and the economic downturn there was also a 40 % increase in the number of Russians immigrating to Israel in 2015 , according to the Jewish Agency for Israel .	22	movement.transportperson.n/a
Soon after , al - Bayoumi found an apartment for the two men — both of them future 9/11 hijackers — and lent them money for rent .	22	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
" For me , it was easy ... easy for me , for everybody , " Marcel Lehel Lazar , who goes by the moniker " Guccifer , " told Fox News from a Virginia jail where he is being held .	35	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Khomeini and Carter both wished to avoid a violent clash between the military and the opposition .	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In Russia and India , oligarchs acquired state assets through firesales .	6	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The panel reported in harrowing detail the acute trauma experienced by women and girls as young as 9 who were sold off as spoils of war to become sex slaves of Islamic State fighters , routinely raped and punished with extreme violence if they resisted or tried to escape .	36	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
After Ronald Reagan left office and later announced that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease , Nancy Reagan became an advocate for increasing research into the degenerative brain disorder .	22	contact.requestadvise.meet
Several Democrats in Congress are asking the FBI to investigate whether there is a link between Donald Trump 's campaign and a cyber - attack on Democratic Party institutions suspected to have been carried out by Russia .	9	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
President Obama , Vice President Biden , former Vice President Al Gore Al GorePence calls hiring of counsel ' routine ' CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats OPINION : Do n't repeat the mistakes of Clinton and 1998 with Trump MORE and Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth WarrenDems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Overnight Regulation : Trump focus turns to scrapping regs | FTC moves to block fantasy sports merger | Pelosi wants net neutrality hearing in San Francisco MORE ( D - Mass .	30	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
But other arguments for maintaining the ability to initiate nuclear war remain , positing the utility of “ compellance ” ( also known as “ nuclear blackmail ” ) or using the threat of nuclear attack to extract concessions .	26	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
A senior member of Saudi Arabia ’s royal family bought a £ 452 million yacht before helping push through drastic austerity measures within the country .	9	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
… He had every right to stand and silently protest .	9	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
The numbers clash with Israeli accounts that some two - thirds of Palestinians killed during a wave of violence beginning in October were in the midst of attempting or carrying out attacks and the rest died in clashes with security forces .	37	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
He said the battle against terrorism would be long as France faced " an enemy who will continue to hit countries who see liberty as their essential value " .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
Trump ’s campaign manager , Paul Manafort , was a consultant for Viktor Yanukovych , the former president of Ukraine who was ousted for his pro - Moscow orientation ( and now lives in Russia ) .	22	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
publishers Verlag Franz Eher in Munich , 1927 … in a finely - grained red leather cover with four raised hubs on the spine , ” the auction ’s listing says .	27	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The report , which was provided to lawmakers , states , " At a minimum , Secretary Clinton should have surrendered all emails dealing with Department business before leaving government service and , because she did not do so , she did not comply with the Department 's policies that were implemented in accordance with the Federal Records Act . "	20	conflict.yield.surrender
Some Russian news sites have put forth the possibility that he got rid of the officers in an attempt to prevent the truth about “ a crash between a Russian sub and a Polish boat ” from coming out .	26	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
In a rally address that veered off frequently from prepared remarks , Donald Trump suggested Friday that if Hillary Clinton were to shoot somebody “ right smack in the middle of the heart , ” the former secretary of state would not face charges .	22	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" We will take all necessary measures , precautions , to compensate for these attempts to use military force , " he told reporters .	11	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Yeah , I do n't think we 're in New Testament or Old Testament , we 're like in Dante 's Inferno , we 're in the seventh circle of Hell , where he needs us to--	21	conflict.attack.n/a
Hide Caption 13 of 38 Photos : World War II in pictures Balloon operators from Britain 's Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , or WAAF , report for inspection in a hangar used to store balloons , at a facility in the UK .	28	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
" Fewer people would have died in the Holocaust if the world had accepted more Jewish refugees , " she added .	5	life.die.n/a
Among the small pocket of undecided voters remaining , 42 percent said it made them less likely to vote for Clinton , including 30 percent who said it made them much less likely to vote for her .	34	government.vote.castvote
To bolster her tough stance , Clinton suggested deploying additional US forces to the Persian Gulf region and recommended that Congress close any gaps in the existing sanctions to punish Iran for any current or future instances of human rights abuses and support for terror .	18	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
But while Kadyrov frequently professes his personal devotion to Putin , there are concerns that Moscow ’s hold over the republic is weakening .	4	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Mueller " was praying for us to escape , to survive , " said Julia , turning a bracelet on her wrist that she wears to honor Mueller .	7	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
They also discussed increased energy cooperation , with Netanyahu assuring Putin that no legal limitations would be placed on Russian firms wanting to participate in Israeli energy projects . But the two countries remain at odds over Moscow ’s ties with Tehran including the shipment of sophisticated weaponry to Iran , a country which has pledged to annihilate the Jewish state .	57	conflict.attack.n/a
She worked with teenagers incarcerated in adult prisons in South Carolina and families with disabled children in Massachusetts .	4	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Since implementation , and while being subjected to the inspections regime , Iran removed 14,000 centrifuges , filled the core of its plutonium reactor with concrete , and shipped almost all of its uranium gas to Russia .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
He set off a bomb outside an open - air music festival in the city of Ansbach after he was denied entry .	20	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Northern Syria has been the scene of intense fighting recently , with Syrian regime forces , backed by Russian air power , pursuing a major offensive on the key city Aleppo , and Turkey bombarding Kurdish People 's Protection Units , or YPG , near Azaz over the weekend .	34	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Israeli archaeologists found the site of a fierce battle where the Roman army bombarded and breached the walls of Jerusalem before conquering the city and destroying the Second Temple almost 2,000 years ago , officials said Thursday .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
Pictures on an " ultras " website showed Russian fans proudly displaying England flags captured during violent exchanges on Friday while groups of locals also weighed in , particularly with the throwing of bottles .	14	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
“ Hillary will introduce comprehensive immigration reform with a pathway to full and equal citizenship within her first 100 days in office , ” says the Clinton presidential campaign website.78 Mrs. Clinton pledges that if she is elected president , she will extend President Obama ’s two major executive orders on immigration , which protected millions of illegal aliens from deportation.79 She vows to do this despite the fact that Obama himself , prior to issuing his executive orders , frequently acknowledged that such actions went far beyond the proper limits of presidential authority.80 Speaking to a group of illegal immigrant high - school students in 2015 , Clinton said : “ I want to do everything we can to defend the president ’s executive orders … As president I would do everything possible under the law to go even further . ”81	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
The U.S. says Russia 's strikes use far less precise weaponry than the missiles launched by the American - led coalition fighting against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has echoed that demand , though Clinton repeatedly has refused to do so .	8	contact.commandorder.correspondence
" Basically , the bad guys had the upper hand " in negotiating the language of these documents , according to Ethan Nadelmann of the Drug Policy Alliance , a reform group .	12	contact.discussion.meet
He was shot dead in what Washington D.C. police have said was possibly a botched robbery while he was walking home before dawn on July 10 .	15	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
When the Iranians — who chose not to attend the meeting — signaled that they had no intention of freezing their output to satisfy their rivals , the Saudis rejected the draft agreement it had helped negotiate and the assembly ended in disarray .	36	contact.negotiate.meet
The airstrikes at dawn on Tuesday pulverised entire families , including young children -- families that were fleeing Islamic State militants but were instead mistaken for being those very fighters .	17	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
The move came in response to the killing of Hallel Yaffa Ariel , 13 , who was stabbed to death by a Palestinian while sleeping in her bed on Thursday , and to the shooting of Rabbi Miki Mark and the injuring of his family as they were driving near Hebron a day later .	17	conflict.attack.stabbing
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us , in addition to surrounding nations , and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS , and we have to do it fast , when ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton .	47	manufacture.artifact.n/a
MOSCOW : A nanny accused of decapitating a young girl in her care then walking through the street brandishing the head , on Wednesday said " Allah ordered " the killing as she appeared at a Moscow court . Suspect Gyulchekhra Bobokulova from Muslim - majority Uzbekistan — whom the press have dubbed " the bloody nanny " — was detained on Monday as she was waving the child 's severed head outside a Moscow metro station .	6	life.die.n/a
The emails were released Friday by WikiLeaks .	1	contact.collaborate.correspondence
" With all respect , Donald Trump is deceiving you , playing you for a chump , " Cruz said .	8	contact.prevarication.n/a
He even said recently he would meet with Putin even before he was inaugurated if he is elected .	13	government.formation.n/a
“ I think that covering one ’s face in public at a time of terrorism presents a danger to society , ” said Vaira Vike - Freiberga , a former president of Latvia whose family fled the country when it was taken over by the Soviet Union during World War II .	35	movement.transportperson.n/a
The kingdom has also scared investors who are now more likely to think twice before plunging money into risky oil ventures .	15	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Brent crude is back above $ 50 a barrel this morning after a diplomatic row in the Middle East raised concerns over oil shipments .	23	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Because many Republicans are boycotting Trump ’s campaign , those who agree to join risk being viewed , as a former Cabinet secretary put it to me , as part of “ a staff full of Ollie Norths . ” ( In 1987 , testifying to Congress about his role in the Iran - Contra scandal , the White House aide Oliver L. North said , “ If the Commander - in - Chief tells this lieutenant - colonel to go stand in the corner and sit on his head , I will do so . ” ) Watching Trump on the campaign trail , Timothy Naftali , the former director of the Nixon Presidential Library , said , “ Trump tweets what Nixon knew not to say outside his inner circle , and we know what he said from the tapes .	4	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
But arson attacks targeting asylum shelters have also surged , with at least two dozen centres reduced to ashes or damaged by fire last year .	1	conflict.attack.setfire
He said : ' This terrorist act was a pretext for firstly intensifying sanctions on Russia , secondly to show the world that Russia is a barbarian country and thirdly to strengthen the presence of Nato in Europe , particularly Ukraine . '	13	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Erdoğan said that the attack was also a response to the 1,128 academics who signed a petition that described security operations against the PKK in the country 's southeast as a " massacre . "	32	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
So not only does attacking medical facilities and personnel hamper the ability of that one facility and those personnel to provide aid to the regime ’s enemies , it also deters people in other areas of Syria from providing aid .	20	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
TECH GROUPS PUSH CANDIDATES ON TRADE , IMMIGRATION : Trade groups that represent some of America 's most powerful tech companies are pushing the presidential candidates to pay attention to a slate of issues that matter to them , including limiting government access , user data and adopting trade deals .	7	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Shprygin went on to tweet that the Russian consul had arrived on the scene and was negotiating with police .	16	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Voting never goes perfectly smoothly in any election .	0	government.vote.violationspreventvote
Turkey was n’t doing enough to stop the smuggling of foreign fighters and weapons across the border .	8	movement.transportperson.hide
For example , people say the only reason Hillary is n’t in jail is because she ’s part of the establishment .	12	movement.transportperson.n/a
Speaking on CNN , Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , claimed , “ We still do n’t know who was responsible , ” who explained that he had conferred with administration .	35	contact.discussion.n/a
" People need to understand that this is serious business and the United States is not going to be intimidated on the high seas , " Kerry added .	19	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
It has become a monster of its own that is now roaming the countryside and terrorizing the very political party that created it .	11	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Turkey rejects the term " genocide " , maintaining that many of the dead were killed in clashes during World War One , and that many ethnic Turks also suffered in the conflict	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Though transcripts from his trial indicated he ordered six different murders on perceived enemies , he was never charged for them .	4	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Hide Caption 12 of 38 Photos : World War II in pictures Black smoke rises from demolished buildings after Japanese air forces attacked the U.S. Navy base on Midway Atoll during the Battle of Midway in June 1942 .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The Syrian government has practiced a policy of " extermination " against thousands of detainees , and is guilty of other crimes against humanity and war crimes , UN - appointed investigators have found .	18	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Broken glass and debris littered some roads and alleys near the waterfront , the focal point of clashes between English , Russian and French fans .	17	conflict.attack.n/a
Sanger reminds Trump that Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty obliges member nations to treat an attack on one as an attack on all .	10	government.agreements.n/a
“ The policies that governed the foundation ’s activities during Hillary Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state already went far beyond legal requirements , ” he said in a statement , “ and yet the foundation submitted to even more rigorous standards when Clinton declared her candidacy for president , and is pledging to go even further if she wins . ”	53	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
So why did the NYPD spy on me for years ? ]	5	government.spy.spy
The prospect of four more years in the wilderness suggests that they will move back toward unapologetic obstruction .	17	movement.transportperson.prevententry
" He does n't hurl personal insults , " she said .	4	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Earlier this week British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson waded into the row , calling for anti - war campaigners to protest outside the Russian embassy in London .	20	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
Also , while not the most outspoken actor in the world when it comes to politics , Cooper is a longtime Democrat , having donated some shekels to Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign in 2008 , and orchestrated POTUS ’s Obamacare - promoting appearance on his pal Zach Galifianakis ’s program Between Two Ferns .	24	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
A coup d'etat invites a civil war , the kind that now wracks Afghanistan , Iraq , Libya , and Syria .	1	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
During a tour of the damage last week , the government said nearly a foot of rain in late August prompted the Tumen River to flood northern provinces bordering China and Russia .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Trump ’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort has longstanding ties to Ukraine ’s Kremlin - backed former President Viktor Yanukovych , advising on campaigning for his Party of Regions in the 2006 parliamentary elections and paving the way for Yanukovych ’s ascent to prime minister and then the presidency , from which he was ousted in 2014 amid massive pro - EU protests .	54	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
But the issues that command attention from both the American public and American allies often are more immediate , and require the Obama administration to divert resources toward daily crises that they would prefer to mostly ignore .	4	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The rupture came after mobs stormed Saudi diplomatic missions in Iran in protest over Saudi Arabia ’s execution of a prominent Shiite cleric accused of anti - state crimes .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
He is currently running for re - election in 2017 and has pledged to introduce a nation - wide burkini ban if successful .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
They ought to be in jail for these things . ”	5	movement.transportperson.preventexit
“ Salaries are n’t growing or are growing much more moderately than they used to , lending is declining . ”	16	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
And quite frankly , when I come somebody and say , " You know , we can abolish the death penalty in your state , " we go out there with a strategy , and we usually get it done .	17	government.legislate.legislate
" Western sanctions have taken away the possibility for our banks and companies to borrow money from abroad , not only in Europe but also all over the world , " said Wladimir Milow , director of the Moscow - based Institute of Energy Policy , in an interview with DW .	14	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
“ You have to understand that this event , which will be attended by 50,000 people , will take place on the site of the burial of 7,500 Soviet soldiers who perished while freeing Europe from fascism .	31	life.die.nonviolentdeath
My guess is that they would all decide to risk waiting to be sure an attack was underway , that it was n’t a false alarm or cyberattack , instead of hastily opting for certain nuclear holocaust .	36	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" Hillary believes that it 's vital to deceive the people by having one public policy and a totally different policy in private , " he said to growing jeers .	8	contact.prevarication.correspondence
In remarks earlier this year , she defended these payments , saying she merely took what the market had to offer .	9	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In the interview Wednesday , he also said he would not pressure Turkey about purges or crackdowns on civil liberties following the failed coup last weekend .	23	conflict.attack.n/a
His erstwhile counterpart in Turkmenistan , who was also supposed to become interim leader after the death of authoritarian president Saparmurat Niyazov in 2006 , was quickly detained and thus eliminated from the line of succession .	27	movement.transportperson.preventexit
But the Kiev office of the Transparency International anti - corruption organisation accused Poroshenko of breaking Ukraine 's basic law .	12	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
In an interview on “ Fox & Friends , ” Napolitano said , “ there ’s a lot of people that have devoted a lot of time into [ the Clinton classified email invesigation ] who are unhappy with the outcome . ” ( RELATED : Congress To Ask FBI To Investigate Hillary For Lying Under Oath [ VIDEO ] )	2	contact.discussion.n/a
Kaine ’s stand breaks with Clinton , who said in a November debate that the 2001 Authorization to Use Military Force against Al - Qaeda covers the war against ISIL , though she added she ’d like to see it updated .	12	contact.negotiate.meet
Last year , Mohammed Rehman was convicted of plotting a bomb attack on the anniversary of the 7/7 attacks on London .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
April 21 , 2016 - ISIS supporters who had defected from another jihadist group in the Philippines issued a video showing the undated execution of two men , claiming they were spies .	23	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
By all accounts , it delays the time Iran would have to build a nuclear weapon if it breaks the deal to more than a year from three months , requires limits on enrichment , and set up inspections and monitoring for up to 25 years .	38	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
The arrest drew attention in the U.S. given the ongoing hacks of major U.S. political institutions , such as the Democratic National Committee , which the Obama administration believes Moscow officials are orchestrating .	1	movement.transportperson.n/a
The military said six people died and one was seriously injured .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
While Clinton swore under oath last fall all records had been provided , campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that Clinton did not have all the emails .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
I think the central issue here , and I think Democrats know it , is the fact they ’ve got a nominee that 56 percent of the American people think should ’ve been indicted for the manner in which she handled the classified information .	33	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
He asked why the United States is n’t fully reimbursed for the costs of such endeavors .	9	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
3:12 Rubio presses Attorney General Sessions about Comey - Trump Oval Office meeting	12	contact.discussion.meet
The Wikileaks email scandal has already forced the chair of the DNC , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , to resign .	18	personnel.endposition.quitretire
“ Despite Erdogan ’s claims that he is fighting ISIS , evidence indicates that he has been , and continues to be , deeply complicit in allowing ISIS to transport , not just recruits via Turkey , but also weapons and supplies .	29	movement.transportartifact.fall
Shoigu , in a televised meeting with military officials , said strikes had been halted from 1000 local time ( 0700 GMT ) on Tuesday to help guarantee the safety of six corridors for civilian evacuation and to prepare for the removal of sick and wounded people from eastern Aleppo .	43	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
“ Surrender or you will be annihilated , ” was the message residents say Mr. Assad ’s negotiators delivered to Moadhamiyeh — which endured a chemical weapons attack in 2013 and a two - year siege that ended with a deal favoring the government .	6	conflict.attack.n/a
Whether the plot is real or imagined , Moscow has cranked up its military activity in Crimea at the same time as holding a series of what it says are pre - planned war games and missile deployments in the area .	33	conflict.attack.n/a
" We have one good day over 36 years , " Clinton said , after a week in which frenzied diplomacy resulted in the freeing of 10 U.S. Navy sailors captured by Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps and a prisoner swap that saw four imprisoned Americans freed by Iran .	44	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
“ Secretary Clinton , since 1976 , we have executed 1,414 people in this country .	9	life.die.n/a
But , he said , “ we have to see something — food [ must ] go to children who are starving to death .	21	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Pope calls for an end to death penalty , asks for no sentence to be executed during the Holy Year of Mercy .	15	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Of the 4,765 delegates to the convention , 1,894 are in theory pledged to Sanders .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
" Hillary wants to abolish -- essentially abolish the Second Amendment .	4	government.legislate.legislate
The presence at Washington University of both Hillary ’s husband Bill and a series of women who had accused the former President of rape , sexual assault , and general sexual impropriety definitely restricted what she could say about the Trump video .	23	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Some of their individual critiques of Stein are fair , but many are misleading .	13	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Though she successfully negotiated for Chen to leave the country , her attitude , according to an advisor , was , “ If the relationship has to suffer , we ’re going to take the hit . ”	3	contact.discussion.meet
The Russians threw objects and broke through a line of stewards , forcing the England fans - including young children - to flee for the exits in panic , with some having to vault railings to escape .	36	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Back in the 1990s , when her husband was pushing a crime bill that would eventually imprison millions of African - American men , Clinton exploited white fears of black “ super - predators . ”	16	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
His comments here are misleading , too , because only Congress has the power to ratify trade agreements .	4	contact.prevarication.n/a
Comey advised the Justice Department that " no charges are appropriate in this case , " and career prosecutors agreed .	1	contact.requestadvise.n/a
He is a consistent advocate of economic nationalism and protectionism , which seek to place the onus for layoffs and unemployment in the US on the workers of other countries .	18	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
He was an effective advocate for conservative ideology , a polished voice for lower taxes , less redistribution , a more aggressive posture on the global stage ( against Russia especially ) , and new restrictions on abortion .	4	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Inhumane : The tiny baby girl wailed after she suffered cuts and bruises to her face but survived being crushed under rubble	12	life.injure.n/a
Some of the tangible results , not yet a year after the Iran deal : the consolidation of hard - liner power in Iran ; the collapse of the ban on Iran ’s testing of ballistic missiles ; the collapse of the arms control regimes preventing Iran from buying heavy weapons and missiles from Russia ; Iran ’s staging of multiple new ballistic missile tests ; and , finally , that Iran has generated so much new enriched uranium , they ’ve had to ship tons to Russia .	48	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Russian drug cheats will be competing at next month 's Olympic Games despite efforts to eradicate them , say the whistleblowers who highlighted the country 's state - sponsored doping .	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
NOAA is also considering expansion of its nearby Monitor National Marine Sanctuary , which protects the wreck of the famous Civil War vessel , to include the U - boat , the Bluefields and other historic shipwrecks in the area .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
However , 97 % of those said that “ recent warming is mostly man - made . ” And so what we have is a misleading statement that has become misrepresented and cited as fact .	25	contact.prevarication.meet
Kasich also took to Twitter to criticize Russian leader Vladimir Putin after Trump - jokingly , he later said - urged Russians to hack Hillary Clinton 's emails .	20	contact.commandorder.correspondence
But these theories fail to account for the wellspring of hate required to kick an innocent child in front of a truck to set up an ambush , decapitate a helpless noncombatant for the sake of YouTube hits , or open fire in a Florida gay nightclub .	28	life.die.n/a
As part of what Media Lens calls ‘ demonising dissent ’ - the fourth component of a ’ Propaganda Blitz’,principled opponents of western foreign policy are smeared as ‘ sexist ’ ‘ misogynist ‘ , ‘ racist ’ ‘ conspiracy theorists ’ ‘ genocide deniers ’ and even ‘ dictator apologists ’ -in the hope that no one will draw attention to the ‘ morally virtuous ’ attacker ’s support for wars which have led to over 1 m people losing their lives .	43	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The attack has dealt a further blow to an already shaky ceasefire deal , which was agreed by the US and Russia on Monday .	11	government.agreements.violateagreement
In January 1950 , the United States appeared to write off defense of South Korea in Dean Acheson ’s infamous “ perimeter speech , ” North Korea attacked that summer , and over the next three years , 36,516 Americans lost their lives reversing that attack and drawing a line for freedom on the Korean Peninsula .	45	life.injure.n/a
Mr. Putin is a great leader , Mr. Trump says , ignoring that he has killed and jailed journalists and political opponents , has invaded two of his neighbors and is driving his economy to ruin .	17	movement.transportperson.preventexit
I was served an image of the gates of Auschwitz , the famous words ‘ Arbeit Macht Frei ’ replaced without irony with ‘ Machen Amerika Great . ’ Holocaust taunts , like a path of dollar bills leading into an oven , were followed by Holocaust denial .	46	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In October 2010 , two months before Digicel was awarded the money for helping Haiti , the company sponsored an event in Jamaica where Bill Clinton got paid $ 225,000 to give a speech .	27	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Tor , the American - based and funded anonymity network , is decentralized around the globe .	7	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
“ The increase in homicides in Mexico since 2006 is virtually unprecedented in a country not formally at war .	4	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
' If your job is to win elections you do n’t just throw up your hands and say , gosh , I sure hope voters do n’t pick the guy who ca n’t possibly win . ' "	6	personnel.elect.winelection
First came a virtual clone of Moscow ’s offensive on NGOs , with legislation demanding all groups receiving external funding declare themselves as “ foreign agents ” , targeted at human rights groups , including those advocating for the LGBT community .	36	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Talmudists throughout the world were informed by cable from London about the October 1916 London Agreement .	15	government.agreements.violateagreement
It was one of several attacks on Syrian jets claimed by Isis , including an attack in July where they later hung a pilot 's corpse on display in the streets .	21	conflict.attack.hanging
The row over four Russian - held islands claimed by Japan has prevented the two countries from signing a peace treaty following World War II .	20	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The boycotting of his state is not of the order of United Nations sanctions .	1	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
We must be able to provide aid impartially and safely , ” said Marianne Gasser , head of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Syria ( ICRC ) .	5	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The aggressions are not , surely , but it grows more difficult to aggress , and when we do it is defensive in character now , if this is not too much a paradox .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Poland is one of four central and eastern European countries to oppose a quota system for distributing asylum seekers among member states .	17	movement.transportperson.n/a
It would be supremely ironic if the Kremlin demolishes Hillary Clinton ’s presidential aspirations thanks to her own neglect of basic communications security when she was secretary of state .	8	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
We already know that the Russians have been constructing bunkers for their citizens numbering in the thousands since at least 2012 in and around Moscow and throughout Russia .	8	manufacture.artifact.build
Using radar technology it has acquired since Russia 's entry into the Syrian civil war , Hezbollah has started using sophisticated radars to " lock on " to Israeli spy jets on reconnaissance flights over their northern neighbor .	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
It adds to a $ 25,000 reward offered by D.C. police , customary in all District homicides .	16	life.die.n/a
On May 6 , Bubeyev was convicted and sentenced to two years and three months in prison .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
She has been detained by Russia for twenty months , and in that time she has become an icon .	3	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
-- The owner of a Florida gun store said his employees called the FBI after Omar Mateen attempted to purchase body armor and ammunition : Gun store co - owner Robbie Abell said his workers had a “ gut feeling ” about Mateen when he came to the store four or five weeks ago .	19	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The more a person saw black people as lazy and undeserving , the more likely they were to vote for the self - proclaimed billionaire .	23	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Many other young men ( some of whom immigrated at a young age themselves , others of whom are second - generation Americans ) have been brought up on similar charges .	8	movement.transportperson.n/a
WALLACE : Let 's talk about the Clinton Foundation and allegations of pay - to - play , the argument , the allegation that foreign companies and foreign countries either donated big money to the foundation , or paid your husband for big money for speeches in order to influence your work as secretary of state .	30	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
1 person murdered in Jaffa stabbing attack .	5	conflict.attack.stabbing
The strategy starts by building better defenses , including legislating minimum cyber security standards for party , PAC , and campaign - related websites for presidential elections .	9	government.legislate.legislate
However , the Journal ’s report acknowledges that there is “ no evidence of any link between Mrs. Clinton ’s involvement in the case and the bank ’s donations to the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation , or its hiring of Mr. Clinton , ” while characterizing it as a “ prime example of how the Clintons ’ private and political activities overlap . ”	41	personnel.startposition.hiring
US student dies after he is released from North Korea with brain damage	2	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Muhammad was executed by gunfire , and his corpse was crucified on an electricity pole in central al - Bab .	2	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Hide Caption 19 of 21 Photos : Famous firsts in space The private company SpaceX sent an unmanned capsule with supplies to the International Space Station on October 7 , 2012 .	20	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
The 100 or so workers at the giant Seydin Machine Tool Factory , once the pride of the city during the Soviet era , have not seen a paycheck for a year and recently received layoff notices .	35	personnel.endposition.n/a
Her insistence on the ouster of Syria 's President Bashar al - Assad discouraged a negotiated settlement , but the administration provided his opponents with no practical means to oust him .	15	contact.negotiate.correspondence
In 2014 , she bought a St. Petersburg duplex for $ 84,000 under the name of a limited liability company .	4	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Trump accused Clinton of “ lies and lies ”	7	contact.prevarication.n/a
Albright ’s is the classic voice of a senile plutocracy on its way down , demanding a loyalty from others that it has done precisely nothing to earn .	15	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Do you , yes or no , want a ceasefire in Aleppo ?	9	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Not far from the ramshackle mechanic shop where Hernandez spoke , a young mother staged an extraordinary protest that would have been unthinkable only a few years ago .	17	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
The Iran deal , like so many of our worst agreements , is the result of not being willing to leave the table .	10	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
So she recently proclaimed : " we must only send our troops into harm 's way as a last resort , not a first choice .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The van 's driver , police officer Franklin Kho , told reporters he did not deliberately hit the protesters but was trying to drive away from them because they were hitting the vehicle with wooden clubs and he feared they would commandeer it and use it to attack other policemen .	41	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Pence turned in a steady and even - tempered performance — though notably one riddled with false and misleading statements — at the vice - presidential debate .	18	contact.prevarication.correspondence
In a telephone interview with CNNMoney on Tuesday , Brazile said she was choosing not to view any of the emails stolen by Wikileaks .	2	contact.collaborate.correspondence
From Philip Rucker : “ In Colorado , Trump plans to argue that he built a global real estate empire and employed thousands of people , while the Clintons got rich delivering paid speeches to financial institutions and other corporate interests .	21	personnel.startposition.hiring
They can be violations of national airspace ; narrowly avoided mid - air collisions , close encounters at sea and simulated attack runs .	13	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
The inflammatory accusation comes as Trump has set off another round of hand - wringing within the Republican Party , returning to his freewheeling ways after the GOP convention with overtures for Russia to hack Clinton ’s emails , attacks on the Muslim - American family of a fallen war hero , and a suggestion that “ Second Amendment people ” are the only ones who can stop Clinton .	37	contact.collaborate.n/a
The residents say they believe this is in response to financial problems in part because the group has already confiscated anything valuable , namely cars and other goods that are later resold in Syria .	19	transaction.transaction.n/a
The German lower house of parliament is set to vote on Thursday on the resolution over the two years of slaughter from 1915 , which carries the contested word " genocide " throughout the text .	20	life.die.n/a
The original author who set the entire farce in motion later admitted it was all a mistake , and in his own ‘ Mea Culpa ’ revealed that according to the subtext of extensive emails from a Newsweek reporter pressuring him to allow the lie to live , it was US intelligence agencies pushing to spread this narrative .	44	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Former Palestinian peace negotiator Nabil Shaath said in an interview that he often asks Westerners whether Arabs have to “ hijack your planes and destroy your airports again ” to make the world take notice of the Palestinian cause .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
[ A 2015 Migration Policy Institute study found that just three resettled refugees had been arrested on terrorism charges , though this depends on the definition of " refugee " — for example , it did not count the Tsarnaev brothers of the Boston Marathon bombing because they had been brought to the U.S. as kids after their parents had been granted asylum .	15	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The man who smashed Trump 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame discussed Trump with the press :	13	contact.discussion.meet
A conservative activist challenged Boeing 's CEO during a shareholder meeting , saying the move could open the company to prosecution	10	contact.collaborate.meet
Theo Francken , Belgium 's minister for asylum and immigration , added : ' Rapists wo n't be given asylum .	7	movement.transportperson.n/a
United Arab Emirates donated up to $ 11.5 million to the Clintons	3	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
There would n’t have been another split in society over an artificial propaganda story , ” Gudkov wrote on Facebook , referring to the fact that Savchenko was elected to the Ukrainian parliament and the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe during her imprisonment .	28	personnel.elect.winelection
The proposed law would see paragraphs written into Switzerland ’s federal constitution against the “ concealing of one ’s face ” in public places , other than religious sites , with exceptions for health and safety , the climate and unspecified local customs .	15	movement.transportperson.hide
The United States is threatening retaliation for “ alleged ” Russian cyber attacks .	4	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Moscow maintains that the 1951 San Francisco Peace Treaty transferring control of the islands to the Soviet Union stipulates Russian sovereignty over the Kurils , which Tokyo classifies as its northern territories .	9	transaction.transaction.n/a
He has reportedly carried out a Stalin - style purge by sacking every commander in his Baltic fleet	11	personnel.endposition.n/a
[ 1 ] The example that sticks in everybody ’s mind is the one involving Russian interests buying Canadian uranium mines .	17	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
MP : I am absolutely confident that Donald Trump will appoint Supreme Court justices in the tradition of the late and great Justice Antonin Scalia .	10	personnel.startposition.n/a
As Khizr Kahn , the Muslim father of a slain U.S. Army captain noted at the Democratic Convention : Trump has “ sacrificed nothing . ”	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
That August , when Obama announced plans to start carrying out targeted airstrikes against ISIS positions in Iraq , he emphasized that “ as commander - in - chief , I will not allow the United States to be dragged into fighting another war in Iraq . ”	12	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
European Union Commission Vice President Federica Mogherini says : " If confirmed , this action would represent a grave violation of the DPRK 's international obligations not to produce or test nuclear weapons , as determined by several United Nations Security Council Resolutions , and a threat to the peace and security of the entire North East Asia region . "	28	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
But in August , he told a POLITICO reporter that he had advised Sessions and sent him white papers : “ I ’ve sent him some papers and given him some ideas and sent him some people .	12	contact.requestadvise.meet
Who lied about ISIS making millions a week selling Libyan oil ; who lied about dozens of secret terrorist cases in this country ; who lied that a protester who tried to rush onto his stage had " ties to ISIS " ; who lied last May and again last week about refugees entering this country carrying cell phones with " ISIS flags on them " and phone plans pre - paid by ISIS !	25	contact.prevarication.meet
In the Florida Senate race , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE is leading his likely Democratic opponent , Rep. Patrick Murphy , by 5 points , 44 percent to 39 percent .	60	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Former President Bill Clinton was paid $ 16.5 million to serve as honorary chancellor of Laureate International Universities , and Laureate has donated money to the Clinton Foundation , the letter says .	22	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Vladimir Putin and the Russian state are being sued by families of those who died on Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 when it was shot down over Ukraine .	23	life.die.n/a
We urge you to abide by that promise , and let the chips fall where they may .	1	contact.commandorder.n/a
Ukrainian authorities then joined the Washington and Brussels - inspired sanctions against Russia , prompting Moscow to respond with a ban on the import of Ukrainian food products for six months .	23	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Trump has threatened to cut off U.S. purchases of oil from the Saudis until they pledge ground troops to battle ISIS militants and pay for U.S. military protection .	7	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
A police report seen by Daily Mail Online also states the circumstances surrounding Rich 's homicide are ' unknown ' .	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It showed Mr. Kara - Murza outside the European Parliament building in Strasbourg , where he was speaking in favor of sanctions against Russia .	21	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Abdulvakhid Edelgireyev survived for years hiding in the Chechen mountains , launching attacks on Russian security forces and evading capture .	19	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The Russian government has hit out at authorities in Berlin for allowing a music festival to be staged near a burial site for Soviet soldiers .	20	contact.funeralvigil.meet
It even gives in situations in which Trump publicly put himself on the hook for a donation — as when he promised a gift “ out of my wallet ” on NBC ’s “ The Celebrity Apprentice . ” The Trump Foundation paid off most of those on - air promises .	50	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Thirty - four people were killed and dozens wounded .	8	life.injure.n/a
Police briefly detained some cafe staff members for interrogation .	2	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Trump confers with Marco Rubio during the disastrous Feb. 6 debate in New Hampshire that essentially ended Rubio 's 2016 presidential hopes .	1	contact.discussion.correspondence
In other words , Bellingcat is saying that MH17 was shot down by a specific Russian missile launcher that was documented to be in eastern Ukraine at the time .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
As a result , the FBI alert urges state officials to take additional steps to secure their systems , including conducting “ vulnerability scans ” of their databases .	7	contact.commandorder.meet
Russia has decided to freeze its shipment of S-300 anti - aircraft missile system to Iran , Kuwaiti newspaper Al - Jarida reported on Saturday .	6	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Now , for the last debate of the campaign , the Trump campaign trotted out the president 's crank of a half - brother , who actually is from Kenya ; the angry mother of a man killed during the firefight in Benghazi ; and Deney Williams , whose paternity claim against the former president was settled rather definitively by a DNA test in 1999 .	40	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Sometimes bomblets fail to detonate immediately and can kill civilians months or even years later .	4	conflict.attack.bombing
The entries obtained by The Times were …	2	transaction.transferownership.n/a
In recent months , Trump has taken a position of appeasement toward aggressive and illegal actions by Russia under Vladimir Putin to annex Crimea and destabilize Ukraine .	22	government.formation.mergegpe
One issue that contributed to the Cuomo backlash could be less friendly turf for a liberal Democrat : the New York SAFE Act , a gun control law signed by the governor after the Sandy Hook massacre that banned high - capacity magazines , created a registry for assault weapons , and strengthened background checks .	36	life.die.n/a
But after Kiev blocked freight supplies last year prices soared .	4	movement.transportartifact.n/a
In an effort to fight the smuggling , EU and Turkish officials just made a deal to send back to Turkey migrants now arriving on Greek islands .	6	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Less than six weeks after he sent the April 2013 email , Snowden fled to Hong Kong with thousands of classified government documents .	13	movement.transportperson.n/a
The Russian envoy said that the deal for India producing 200 Kamov Ka-226 helicopters has been concluded .	9	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
The weapons were banned in a 2008 international treaty that arms sales giants , including the United States and Russia , refused to sign .	8	government.agreements.n/a
Repeal the unconstitutional provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act that give the president the power to indefinitely imprison and even assassinate American citizens without due process .	21	life.die.n/a
His own finger might be severed by a decapitation strike , but his hand - picked generals and advisers who survive him could ensure that the Trump " dead hand " kept a ghostly finger on the nuclear button .	9	conflict.attack.n/a
It ’s the most explosive question of the 2016 presidential campaign : Could Hillary Clinton get indicted for her handling of sensitive materials through her home email server ?	16	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Hillary Clinton received a pointed question during the final debate that echoed a criticism she has faced for months : Was her family 's global charity a " pay - to - play " arrangement in which donors got special favors from her State Department ?	9	contact.negotiate.meet
Thirty - five people have been injured - most of them England fans - while a total of 20 people were arrested after three days of disorder in Marseille .	6	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" I voted for border security in the United States Senate , " she said .	2	government.legislate.legislate
The FBI has said it can find no direct link between Mateen and ISIS , even though Mateen pledged allegiance to the terrorists ’ leadership during 911 phone calls during the shooting spree .	31	life.injure.n/a
MOSCOW — Unidentified individuals vandalized Holocaust monuments in Russia and Estonia .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
MOSCOW — Prosecutors in southern Russia rested their case on Wednesday in the trial of a Ukrainian military pilot , asking for a lengthy sentence in the drawn out and highly publicized proceedings .	32	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
She was similarly clear - eyed after winning election to the Senate in 2000 .	7	personnel.elect.winelection
2012 , whilst flying over the Barents Sea on a routine mission , a Norwegian P-3 Orion almost collided with a Russian Air Force Mig-31 Foxhound that had intercepted the patrol aircraft .	18	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
It comes after an incident on Friday when Typhoons from Amari air base in Estonia intercepted three Russian transport aircraft approaching the Baltic in similar circumstances .	18	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Separately , Clinton has lavished praise on racist eugenicist Margaret Sanger , the founder of Planned Parenthood who spoke to KKK gatherings about her efforts to “ exterminate the Negro ” and others she called “ human weeds ” from the gene pool .	27	life.die.n/a
She lied about the Irish peace process , her vote in favor of the Iraq war , her reason for illegally using a personal email server , that her family was dead broke when they left the White House , about landing under sniper fire in Bosnia , where Chelsea was on 9/11 , who she was named after , Benghazi … and the list goes on .	1	contact.prevarication.meet
But many went there after the march to lay flowers at an improvised memorial that the authorities have repeatedly tried to destroy .	6	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Hillary Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia last week and stumbled when she left a Sept. 11 memorial event in New York over the weekend .	9	movement.transportperson.fall
June 26 , 2015 -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before launching an attempted suicide attack at a U.S.-owned chemical factory near Lyon in southeastern France .	36	life.die.n/a
The US support for the Turkish military intervention in Syria on 24 August and demand that the Syrian Kurdish People ’s Protection Units ( YPG ) , who had just captured the strategic town of Manbij from Isis after a hard - fought siege , should pull back east of the Euphrates river , were bitter blows to the Kurds .	14	contact.commandorder.meet
" Aid and comfort , " where the individual provides aid to " a country presently at war with the United States . "	9	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Michigan and Wisconsin have both been hit hard by the loss of manufacturing jobs and were the scene of surprise defeats for Clinton in the Democratic primary , when large numbers of blue - collar workers favoured Bernie Sanders .	12	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
That is worse than any mass public shooting in the US in terms of fatalities and woundings .	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Despite all this data , the standard group of hateful polemicists who literally seem to devote their lives to exploiting every news event to attack Islam wasted no time yesterday — before any facts were known , while the bodies were literally still in the club — squeezing the horrific slaughter in Orlando to depict Muslims as uniquely hateful of LGBTs .	50	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Our correspondent said there were reports of at least three fatalities .	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ Political power ’s control over the judiciary , the implementation of fascist laws and policies through a parliamentarian majority , the removal of parliamentarians ’ immunities , the arrest of co - mayors , the removal of co - mayors from their positions , and the imprisonment of thousands of politicians from the HDP and DBP constitute more of an actual coup , ” the PKK said .	62	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The controversy continues against the backdrop of Clinton 's 2016 presidential election campaign and hearings held by the United States House Select Committee on Benghazi .	11	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
Wounded veterans need health care , housing , jobs , mental health services , drug rehabilitation , etc , but as important , she said , is the fact that veterans and future veterans should not be put in “ harm ’s way in the first place . ”	40	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Palestinian schoolgirls walk with a donkey as the West Bank Jewish settlement of Maale Adumim , near Jerusalem , is seen in the background November 13 , 2013 .	2	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Given Trump ’s past flirtations with boycotting Fox , many will doubt his declaration until they see the other candidates take the debate stage on Thursday night without him .	6	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
THE MEMO : For Trump , danger signs in the polls MORE faces a major dilemma in the wake of her controversial “ basket of deplorables ” comment : keep hammering Donald Trump Donald TrumpOvernight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul Republicans and the lost promise of local control in education MORE on race or pivot to other issues .	78	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Credit : Alon Hachman)Shortly beforehand , one Israeli was moderately wounded in a suspected terror stabbing in Petah Tikva . The assailant was also stabbed during the incident , after the haredi victim removed the knife from his neck and stabbed the assailant .	15	conflict.attack.stabbing
Trump has departed from 40 years of tradition for presidential candidates by refusing to release any of his tax returns for public inspection .	22	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
The statement cries out for a more substantive debate about Clinton 's support for the raid that killed Osama bin Laden ; the temporary ceasefire she negotiated between Hamas and Israel ; and the Iran nuclear deal .	24	government.agreements.n/a
The measure also would apply terrorism sanctions to the country 's Revolutionary Guards and enforce an arms embargo .	17	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
The drawn - out nonrevelation instantaneously reverberated across the Atlantic , where Jones interrupted his livestream and broke into verse , quoting the rapper Ludacris as he urged Assange to , “ Move , bitch , get out the way / get out the way , bitch / get out the way . ” Later , when a Bloomberg Businessweek reporter asked about Assange ’s apparent affinity for Trump , he smirked .	27	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The last rebel - held hospital in Aleppo was destroyed by a Russian airstrike last month .	13	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
After all , they ’re providing aid to your enemies .	5	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
So the banks agreed to lend him tens of millions more in exchange for Trump temporarily ceding control over his multibillion - dollar empire and accepting a budget of $ 450,000 a month for personal expenditures .	5	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Trump , for example , decried that the US is " protecting Saudi Arabia and not being properly reimbursed for every penny that we spend , when they ’re sitting with trillions of dollars .	18	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
An online video days later shows militants beheading him and pledging loyalty to ISIS .	10	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
As the military has pretty obvious reasons for monitoring atmospheric explosions , it seems likely the data came from a classified source , probably satellites .	10	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
The Code of Federal Regulations ( Title 32 , Chapter 1 , Part 147 ) makes clear that a person may lose a security clearance for " concealment of information that may increase an individual 's vulnerability to coercion , exploitation , or duress , such as engaging in activities which , if known , may affect the person 's personal , professional , or community standing or render the person susceptible to blackmail . ”	73	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
“ I ’ve borrowed knowing you can pay back with discounts , ” he told CNBC in May , boasting “ I ’ve done well with debt . ”	3	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
“ So we dropped more ordnance on Cambodia and Laos than on Europe in World War II , and yet , ultimately , Nixon withdrew , Kissinger went to Paris , and all we left behind was chaos , slaughter , and authoritarian governments that finally , over time , have emerged from that hell .	24	conflict.yield.retreat
In addition , Turkey has announced it will send a senior representative to the funeral , undersecretary of foreign affairs , Feridun Sinirlioglu , who was the architect of the recent reconciliation agreement between the two countries on the Turkish side .	14	contact.funeralvigil.meet
A United Nations panel recommended in February he should be allowed to move freely .	4	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
“ Methods in use in Oman include mock execution , beating , hooding , solitary confinement , subjection to extremes of temperature and to constant noise , abuse and humiliation , ” the organisation said in its 2014 report .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
According to the government ’s Land Registry , the flat is owned by a Wong Wai - ming , who bought it for HK$278,000 in 1979 .	20	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Returning to the original study , the policy conclusions we can draw from this divide between good profit and rent - seeking are debatable — the study ’s authors draw the opposite conclusions from the study that free market advocates would , unfortunately ( they argue that because so much billionaire wealth in the United States comes from rent - seeking , we can justify confiscatory taxation on the wealthiest people and businesses in the country without serious economic damage ) .	58	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
For the sake of finding Seth ’s killer , and for the sake of giving the family the space they need at this terrible time , they are asking for the public to refrain from pushing unproven and harmful theories about Seth ’s murder . ”	43	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In November , Turkish jets shot down a Russian plane flying in Syria , a move described by Russian President Vladimir Putin as a " dastardly stab in the back . "	26	conflict.attack.n/a
Previous efforts to eliminate other diseases , such as yellow fever and malaria , had “ failed spectacularly , ” according to Jason Schwartz , a historian of medicine at the Yale School of Public Health .	10	life.injure.n/a
He ’s opposed to calling Senator John McCain a “ hero ” , because he was captured .	16	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
After all , they ’re providing aid to your enemies .	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
And the promises she ’s making will matter .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Activists point to Clinton 's voting record in the Senate , where she voted to authorize the Iraq war and increase domestic surveillance .	18	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
MOSCOW : A nanny accused of decapitating a young girl in her care then walking through the street brandishing the head , on Wednesday said " Allah ordered " the killing as she appeared at a Moscow court . Suspect Gyulchekhra Bobokulova from Muslim - majority Uzbekistan — whom the press have dubbed " the bloody nanny " — was detained on Monday as she was waving the child 's severed head outside a Moscow metro station .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ Over the last several months , members of the Foundation ’s senior leadership , Chelsea , and I have evaluated how the Foundation should operate if Hillary is elected , ” the former president wrote .	29	personnel.elect.winelection
If he were president , Donald Trump — who likes to say he does n't spend a lot of time conferring with others ( " My primary consultant is myself , " he declared in March)—would be free to launch a civilization - ending nuclear war on his own any time he chose .	20	contact.discussion.meet
Mizulina ’s bill comes on the heels of a recent amendment to the Criminal Code , introduced by the Supreme Court and signed into law by president Vladimir Putin .	22	government.legislate.legislate
This came a year after Russia sent troops to annex Ukraine 's Crimea region .	9	government.formation.mergegpe
The Obama administration has desperately tried to preserve relations with Iran since negotiating and implementing the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action to ensure Iran does n't become a nuclear state .	12	contact.discussion.correspondence
Sometimes they would be dropped off at the border , other times they would be transported across the border .	15	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Their case has garnered extra attention because of Ukraine 's wish to exchange the servicemen for Ukrainians detained in Russia , including pilot Nadezhda Savcheko .	17	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
India 's own indigenous aircraft carrier , named the Vikrant ( after India 's first carrier ) , has been under development in Kochi since 2009 , but completion of the warship has been repeatedly delayed with key systems , including its primary radar system and surface - to - air missiles yet to be acquired . Indian Navy officers monitoring Chinese naval shipbuilding have told NDTV in the past that learning to operate aircraft carriers efficiently takes years of experience .	55	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
And he worried that releasing the names of people persecuted for their sexuality only risked magnifying the harm caused by oppressive officials .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump ’s broader polling numbers have plummeted in a period during which , among other controversies , he again refused to release his taxes , insulted the family of a war hero , claimed that Russia had not invaded Ukraine – two years after it had , said his daughter should “ find another company ” if sexually harassed and briefly claimed to have seen a nonexistent video of cash shipments to Iran .	70	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
MH17 crash : The 298 who perished	6	life.die.n/a
According to Reuters , “ [ f]or three years in a row beginning in 2010 , the Clinton Foundation reported to the IRS that it received zero in funds from foreign and U.S. governments , a dramatic fall - off from the tens of millions of dollars in foreign government contributions reported in preceding years . ” It ’s suspicious to say the least .	28	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
That effectively maps out the influence structure in the United States for the Democratic Party , but more broadly , because the — with few exceptions , billionaires in the United States make sure they donate to both parties .	35	transaction.transferownership.n/a
She honed her iconoclastic skills at Cornell University , where she poked at the administration for its affirmative action policies — and she still loves the rush of campus protest , for or against her , but especially against her .	29	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
A left - wing legal group , the National Union of People 's Lawyers , condemned the police violence and said it would help the injured and detained protesters file criminal complaints against the police for violating their constitutional rights to free assembly .	27	movement.transportperson.n/a
What would you think if President Obama said that the U.S. did n’t have a right to lecture Russia about civil rights given how violent our country is ?	24	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In May , Trump , whose businesses have declared bankruptcy four times , said , “ I ’ve borrowed knowing that you can pay back with discounts , ” and “ if the economy crashed you could make a deal . ” The notion that he might try to make creditors accept less than full payment on U.S. government debt caused an outcry .	18	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Democrats , in response , have accused Russia of being behind the hacks and multiple digital security firms have found ties between Russia and the hackers releasing the documents .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Samantha Power , US ambassador to the UN , called the use of chemical weapons " a barbaric tool , repugnant to the conscience of mankind , " and urged the Security Council to take " strong and swift action " against the perpetrators .	29	contact.requestadvise.n/a
And although Jews , Muslims , Christians and Druze in Israel share many life goals – placing great emphasis on maintaining strong families and obtaining a good education for their children , for example – they live religiously balkanized lives .	24	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Putin had been due in Paris on October 19 to inaugurate a spiritual centre at a new Russian Orthodox church near the Eiffel Tower , but Hollande had insisted his Russian counterpart also took part in talks with him about Syria .	10	government.formation.startgpe
So to try to attract young women whom she lost by such extraordinary numbers in Iowa and in the polling so far here , she brings in women senators , who by definition are part of the establishment , and there 's no female Marco Rubio .	25	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The other two may only have emerged briefly to confer with him and thus are only wearing their coats over their uniforms .	9	contact.discussion.n/a
Clinton advocated lethal aid to rebels , who displayed a dismaying tendency to surrender and turn weapons over to radical groups , including ISIS .	13	conflict.yield.n/a
It was the thought of her , and Debbie St. John , and John Dolan and Joe Sweeney , and all the victims and survivors , that kept me working as hard as I could in the Senate on behalf of 9/11 families , and our first responders who got sick from their time at Ground Zero .	50	life.injure.n/a
In short , we have to acknowledge the danger that Hillary Clinton could be the target of international blackmail in the White House .	18	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
In “ The Dark Knight , ” the seminal reboot of the “ Batman ” cinematic franchise , the Caped Crusader is able to locate any of Gotham ’s denizens on a whim , by hijacking the microphones and cameras on their cellphones .	35	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The Quartet , formed in 2002 , has urged Israel to stop building settlements and urged the Palestinians to cease violence .	8	contact.requestadvise.meet
Specifically , it says that only health services “ provided by public health departments , hospitals , or reimbursed through public health plans ” can receive the Zika funding from Congress .	18	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
“ And that was about her son being killed because Hillary Clinton had directly lied about it . ”	14	contact.prevarication.correspondence
“ The suit , which describes Fox News as a ‘ misogynistic , sex - fueled cult , ’ also alleges that newly appointed Fox News co - president Bill Shine encouraged her to drop her harassment claims , ” CNN Money ’s Dylan Byers reports .	23	personnel.startposition.hiring
Crippled America : How ... Donald J. Trump Best Price : $ 1.15 Buy New $ 6.49 U.S. exploits are leading America to the brink of war with Russia — and possibly , given its actions in the S. China Sea , to war with China as well .	13	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Lambasting a " rigged " political system dominated by special interests , Trump also stressed his outsider credentials and urged Americans to approach the general election as jurors .	19	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Also , while not the most outspoken actor in the world when it comes to politics , Cooper is a longtime Democrat , having donated some shekels to Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign in 2008 , and orchestrated POTUS ’s Obamacare - promoting appearance on his pal Zach Galifianakis ’s program Between Two Ferns .	24	transaction.transaction.n/a
" We all know the tools Donald Trump brings to the table -- bragging , mocking , composing nasty tweets .	17	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
Fatima said that a month after the use of this metal tool to punish her sister “ the bruises and scars are still visible on her arm . ” She quoted her sister as saying that “ the biting punishment is more painful than labour pains . ” Other witnesses describe the Biter as operating like an animal trap , or a metal jaw with teeth that cut into the flesh .	18	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The leader of the Islamic State ’s operations in the volatile Sinai Peninsula and mastermind of the October 2015 attack on a Russian airliner in the region that left 224 dead has been killed by Egypt ’s air force , intelligence sources told Fox News Thursday .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Shell has already promised to cut 10,500 more jobs worldwide once the BG deal is consummated on 15 February .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
30/42 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany , sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the ' Air Cocaine ' affair , leaves the prison in Santo Domingo , on his way to France , where he is being transferred for medical reasons Getty Images	16	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
-- A Loudoun County jury convicted former Ashburn IT executive Braulio Castillo of first degree murder , finding him guilty for killing his estranged wife in 2014 and then staging it as a suicide .	19	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
The alleged shipment , apparently destined for Venice and hidden aboard the Jadran Express container vessel , was said to have included grenades , anti - tank weapons and 30,0000 Kalashnikovs .	2	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Separately , Clinton has lavished praise on racist eugenicist Margaret Sanger , the founder of Planned Parenthood who spoke to KKK gatherings about her efforts to “ exterminate the Negro ” and others she called “ human weeds ” from the gene pool .	27	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
( James Ball , another WikiLeaks staffer , quit the organization — and subsequently wrote about the scandal for the Guardian — when the group ’s founder , Julian Assange , forbade any internal criticism of Shamir , a close friend of his . )	8	personnel.endposition.quitretire
By September , the U.N. estimated Yemen was receiving just 1 percent of the fuel imports it required .	15	movement.transportartifact.n/a
According to a decree signed by Putin on Nov. 28 of 2015 , Russia would stop importing a wide range of Turkish agricultural products including fruit and vegetables , salt , poultry products and so on .	16	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
“ Salaries are n’t growing or are growing much more moderately than they used to , lending is declining . ”	16	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
' Suddenly a French gang appeared and started attacking us , and throwing stuff .	12	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Last week , the Russian government announced that it would be providing Armenia with a $ 200 million credit to buy equipment including multiple - launch rocket systems , anti - tank missiles , handheld antiaircraft missiles and upgrades to tanks .	20	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The week - old attempt at a ceasefire , negotiated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , could be the final attempt by U.S. President Barack Obama to negotiate an end to Syria 's civil war .	9	contact.discussion.n/a
More than 50 people dead at a nightclub shooting in Orlando .	8	life.die.n/a
" We have removed all the checkpoints charged with the inspection of vehicles at 12 pm ; the blockade is being lifted ; it is moving into the legislative sphere … The guys will stay there [ in Ukraine 's Kherson Region , bordering Crimea ] , but just as observers , running checkpoints , similar to the checkpoints of an assault group or police checkpoints , " the Tatar nationalist organizer said .	10	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
It comes after a nuclear conference hosted by President Barack Obama in Washington earlier this year which focused on the threat of a terrorist attack using nuclear material by Isis and other extremist groups following the Paris and Brussels attacks .	24	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Komi ’s aging oil infrastructure has been prone to accidents .	9	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
He said that countries who provide aid to Palestine , including the United States , are " complicit " in inciting terrorism because the Palestinian Authority uses foreign donations to subsidize terrorists and their families .	5	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
We are discovering from her unsecured and once - deleted correspondence more evidence of negligence and unethical behavior — from crossover business between State Department operatives and the Clinton Foundation to quid pro quo favors and discussions about a U.S. informant who was later executed by the Iranian government .	44	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Link Members of Brazilian bomb squad pack their gear after detonating a suspicious package near the men 's cycling road race final in Copacabana .	10	conflict.attack.bombing
Until women are granted such rights , there can be no eradicating of inequality because the lack of such rights means that women will never gain full access to everything they need .	11	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
By this absurd decision , UNESCO has lost what little legitimacy it had left , ” Netanyahu added . The senior US official said the vote showed that the US , which withdrew its funding from UNESCO in 2011 in response to acceptance of Palestine as a state , must become more involved in the organization . “The recurring highly politicized use of the UNESCO executive board meetings only further underscores the urgent need for the United States to restore its leadership at UNESCO , which has been considerably undercut since the United States ceased funding UNESCO in 2011.”“We will continue to explore with Congress options for resuming payment of our dues , which will allow the United States to play a full role in this organization going forward and advance UNESCO ’s work on issues like Holocaust education and countering terrorist narratives . ”The votes broke out in this way . Those who supported the motion included Algeria , Bangladesh , Brazil , Chad , China , Dominican Republic , Egypt , Iran , Lebanon , Malaysia , Mauritania , Mexico , Morocco , Mozambique , Nicaragua , Nigeria , Oman , Pakistan , Qatar , Russia , Senegal , South Africa , Sudan and Vietnam . Nations that abstained from the vote were : Albania , Argentina , Cameroon , Cote de’Ivoire , El Salvador , Spain , France , Ghana , Greece , Guinea , Haiti , India , Italy , Japan , Kenya , Nepal , Uganda , Paraguay , South Korea , St.	95	transaction.transferownership.n/a
They say that the Syrian government used a helicopter to drop two barrel bombs loaded with gas on residents , killing at least one person and injuring more than 100 .	20	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" Would you recommend accepting or declining the WJC meeting request ? "	3	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Syria accused the United States of seeking the failure of the ceasefire .	11	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
The Pentagon last month called on China to reaffirm it has no plans to deploy military aircraft in the Spratly Islands after China used a military plane to evacuate sick workers from Fiery Cross Reef , where it has built a 9,800-foot ( 3,000 meter ) runway .	28	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Killing the people who are providing aid to your enemies is effective	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
As The Economist put it , ‘ four years ago Mitt Romney , then a Republican candidate , said that Russia was America ’s “ number - one geopolitical foe ” ... With Russia hacking the American election , presiding over mass slaughter in Syria , annexing Crimea and talking casually about using nuclear weapons , Romney ’s view has become conventional wisdom . ’ Indeed .	42	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In a speech in the swing state of Ohio , Trump also said that in implementing his call for a temporary ban on Muslims immigrating to the country , he would institute “ extreme vetting ” and develop a new screening test to try to catch people who intend to do harm to the United States .	24	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
ARMZ has agreed to a standstill of 18 months from closing during which it may not , without prior consent , dispose of or acquire any additional Uranium One shares , except pursuant to agreed antidilution rights , which will permit ARMZ to maintain not less than a 51 % interest in the Company and to certain other exceptions .	24	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Hide Caption 1 of 7 Photos : Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike Hide Caption 2 of 7 Photos : Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike This photo was released by the volunteer group Syria Civil Defense of the bodies of a man , with his knee pulled up near his face , and a child covered in dust after they were killed in the airstrike .	63	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
The EU has pledged € 3bn ( £ 2.3bn ; $ 3.3bn ) to Turkey in return for housing migrants and stemming the flow .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Clinton had spent years vowing to defend the rights of children worldwide — in 2012 , she railed against “ modern - day slavery ” in the introduction to a State Department report on human trafficking that took aim at the “ unlawful recruitment or use of children ” by armed forces .	35	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
But , the official added , “ we still think that despite ” Saturday ’s airstrike and the exchanges that followed , the agreement “ is still worth pursuing , and we can still get there . ”	15	conflict.attack.n/a
Like the Religious Right activists who have rallied behind Putin , Trump believes that Christians have been sidelined and marginalized in America , promising to return them to their rightful positions of power .	23	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
But he added that a longstanding trade embargo prevents a full restoration of ties .	7	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Separately , a monument built near a mass grave of Jews murdered by Nazis in the Holocaust was smashed in the Russian district of Pskov , situated some 200 miles southeast of Kalevi - Liiva .	16	life.die.n/a
A statement distributed on Twitter said its fighters had detonated an IED against " a gathering of soldiers in the city . "	9	conflict.attack.bombing
Another extraordinary theory mentioned in the programme is that the aircraft was detonated in a CIA - backed ' terrorist operation ' , where two bombs were planted on the airliner ( file photo )	12	conflict.attack.n/a
Foreign fighters set up temporary roadblocks and take the civilians ' ID cards .	5	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
She told the Belgian radio station she felt it would be “ unethical ” to “ send the Israeli security services after ” her contacts . In 2012 , Pax Christi called for a boycott of firms a UN investigator said were profiting from Israeli settlements , including Hewlett Packard , Motorola , Volvo and Caterpillar . Herremans said that whereas her employers “ take into account Israel ’s security needs , ” Israel “ feels it can afford to persecute human rights activists … because no sanctions are applied against it , as they are in Russia . ”Belgian media showed a strong interest in Israel ’s refusal to let in Herremans , a pro - Palestinian activist who has said that Israel is not a democracy and called for the application of sanctions against it . Michael Freilich , the editor - in - chief of the Joods Actueel Belgian Jewish weekly , defended Israel ’s right to not issue visas to would - be visitors who decline to cooperate with passport control officers , and blasted Herremans as an extremist that is perceived as mainstream because of her eloquence and esthetic looks . This , in turn , prompted Emmanuel Stein , a member of a far - left Jewish group , to pen an op - ed in the De Morgen daily in which he said he was “ deeply ashamed ” over Freilich ’s words . On Thursday , a senior spokesperson for the Belgian royal house removed from Fac ebook a post that featured a photograph of a sign that read : “ Palestine belongs to the Palestinians ” and was seen as endorsing Stein ’s message .	178	conflict.attack.n/a
Kerry told reporters Tuesday he brought the matter up with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov at a meeting in Laos and explained that the FBI was investigating .	26	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Clinton : " Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African - Americans . "	23	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Leopold , who successfully sued for the release of 30,000 Hillary Clinton emails earlier this year , is also suing the FBI to see if the government has been investigating Trump for suggesting Second Amendment advocates could stop Hillary Clinton , a remark that was interpreted by many as threat of violence , as well as Trump ’s recent comments inciting the Russian government to hack into Clinton ’s emails .	29	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Trump also began increasing rent at Trump Tower starting May 31 .	4	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Monday morning , the Trump campaign was in full spin mode trying to pretend that Trump and Pence did n’t openly disagree on whether or not the United States should consider using military force against the regime of Bashar al - Assad to stop the slaughter of civilians in Aleppo .	45	life.die.n/a
Whereas roughly 10 % of civilian fatalities in Syria last year were at the hands of ISIS , the regime was responsible for at least 75 % of all civilian deaths in Syria in 2015 , according to humanitarian news group IRIN .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The Turkish tourism industry has hit hard following Russian sanctions imposed after Turkey ’s decision to shoot down a Russian plane in Syrian airspace , reported Turkey ’s daily Today ’s Zaman .	9	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Bardack stated the episode occurred due to the combination of that diagnosis , dehydration and overheating .	13	life.injure.n/a
“ They ’re buying everything , they ’re buying from everybody but the United States , ” he said .	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Officials suspect “ residual heat and embers ” were left after emergency responders treated the first blaze , which sparked the second fire .	16	conflict.attack.setfire
Faaborg - Andersen said the EU would continue to provide aid to the Palestinians in Area C , despite the tension it generates with Jerusalem .	9	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Clinton has promised throughout her campaign that she will be tough on Wall Street if elected president — but the transcripts of her speeches showed a softer side of the former secretary of state in her interactions with Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein and other Wall Street executives .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
to train rebels trying to oust Mr. Assad .	5	personnel.endposition.n/a
A colonel in the Russian Interior Ministry in charge of nuclear security inspections was also arrested for soliciting bribes to overlook security violations .	12	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Trump confers with Marco Rubio during the disastrous Feb. 6 debate in New Hampshire that essentially ended Rubio 's 2016 presidential hopes .	1	contact.discussion.meet
His body was found decapitated in a forest outside Kiev .	4	life.die.n/a
BISHKEK : A car driven by a suicide bomber on Tuesday ( Aug 30 ) exploded after ramming a gate at the Chinese embassy in the capital of ex - Soviet Kyrgyzstan , wounding three people , the healthcare ministry said .	15	conflict.attack.bombing
Parliament Speaker Ismail Kahraman earlier said that a bomb hit one corner of a public relations building inside the parliament complex , injuring some police officers .	22	life.injure.n/a
Given Obama 's sway among young and minority voters -- populations historically difficult to get to the polls -- there is pressure for the President to hit many states before their voting registration deadline passes .	31	government.vote.n/a
Videos appear to show starvation used as a weapon in Syrian town of Madaya	4	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
He described the foundation as “ an illegally constructed front masquerading as a charity . ”	8	manufacture.artifact.n/a
The two convoys carrying necessary supplies of food have been stranded in a “ no man ’s land ” since the start of the Syrian ceasefire , unable to proceed due to hostilities and a lack of permits from the Assad regime .	5	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
The government , alongside private companies ( including foreign - owned ) , are in the middle of a massive criminal land grab which the mainstream media is largely ignoring , instead opting to paint those in Oregon as crazy anti - government extremists .	21	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
" Imagine an internet run like many Middle Eastern countries that punish what they deem to be blasphemy , or imagine an internet run like China or Russia , [ which ] punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	34	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
It aims to deliver medical , water and food aid from EU stocks to up to 130,000 people and to evacuate urgent medical cases from the area .	20	movement.transportperson.n/a
It adds to a $ 25,000 reward offered by D.C. police , customary in all District homicides .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
NATO hopes the complex plan can discourage Russia from orchestrating the kind of campaign used to annex Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula in February 2014 and which has left eastern allies nervous of their former Soviet overlord .	16	government.formation.n/a
Since the outgoing U.S. administration is unlikely to step up military activity in Syria , Russia is doing its best to make sure President Bashar al - Assad ’s troops win a decisive victory at Aleppo before the next U.S. president is inaugurated .	42	government.formation.startgpe
It is doing nothing but vilifying Russia ; it believes that we are threatening to attack .	13	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
The presumptive GOP nominee made the comments in an interview with Reuters on Tuesday , the news service reported .	9	contact.discussion.meet
They also photographed the smuggled papers , and Barakat promised them that he ’d supply the originals if the case went to trial .	4	movement.transportartifact.hide
Russia 's Rossiya-1 channel late Friday said it had obtained a transcript of the last words exchanged a minute before the Boeing 737 plunged to the ground from a source in the investigative commission with access to the plane 's voice recorders .	23	movement.transportartifact.fall
Alexander Litvinenko died of radiation poisoning in 2006 three weeks after ingesting polonium in a London hotel .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
Farook and Malik were discovered to have posted an oath of allegiance to the Islamic State on Facebook just before the attack began .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told a news conference Friday after meeting with Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov that putting the system in South Korea would " inflict direct harm to the strategic security interests of China and Russia . "	11	contact.collaborate.n/a
I have never received a single " off - the - books cash payment " as falsely " reported " by The New York Times , nor have I ever done work for the governments of Ukraine or Russia .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Trump has called on Ginsburg to resign , as have other GOP lawmakers .	6	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The agreement may be terminated by either party within 90 days after the other party provides written notice , it said .	1	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Or there ’s been a cease - fire , but there has n’t been a formal cessation of the war on the Korean Peninsula .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
As our fact - checking colleagues at the Washington Post wrote , “ [ a ] billion dollars of exports is estimated to create about 6,000 jobs . ” That ’s according to a Commerce Department analysis of U.S. jobs supported by exports .	42	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
They claim they are supplying stricken Aleppo with humanitarian aid from Armenia and Serbia to help the 275,000 residents trapped there - but say jihadists seize it before it can get through .	4	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
And while they are now economically sovereign , things have not always been great , especially since borrowing € 20 billion to avoid becoming insolvent during the economic crisis of 2008 .	17	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Eliminate Internal Barriers to Government Modernization : The federal government uses cumbersome processes for buying information technology and hiring technical experts .	18	personnel.startposition.hiring
Under a 1997 agreement known as the NATO - Russia Founding Act , both sides pledged not to station large numbers of troops along their respective borders .	15	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas was a Soviet spy in Damascus in the 1980s , Israel ’s Channel 1 reports , blowing the lid off information uncovered in an archive smuggled out of the USSR .	30	movement.transportperson.hide
But Louisiana also tops the world with its incarceration rate of 816 people incarcerated for every 100,000 adults in the state , according to the National Institute of Corrections .	13	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
They blew themselves up after police fired back - with CCTV footage capturing the moment one wounded extremist detonated his explosive vest seconds after a hero officer tried to detain him .	29	movement.transportperson.preventexit
JO - ANN ARMAO , ASSOCIATE EDITORIAL PAGE EDITOR : When comments of your vice - president came up , you seemed to suggest “ that ’s him , this is me . ” You seemed to be making a distinction .	23	contact.requestadvise.n/a
" Leadership is not yelling and screaming and intimidating , " Cuban said .	8	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Why should the Democratic Party even bother to listen to its progressive / liberal base if they can win elections without them ?	18	personnel.elect.winelection
The five abstentions were : Brazil , Russia , India , China and Germany ; Russian and China , which as permanent members could have vetoed the motion , complained later that they were deceived as to the real purpose of the “ no - fly zone , ” not realizing that it was a pretext for another “ regime change , ” which involved slaughtering much of the Libyan army before driving Gaddafi from power .	34	contact.prevarication.n/a
Mussolini and Hitler won elections via anti - establishment sentiment .	3	personnel.elect.n/a
The ad criticizes Kirkpatrick for “ walking out on constituents when questioned about it .	6	movement.transportperson.n/a
Reuters reports that Syrian government forces and rebel groups have not withdrawn from the road , which is a key strategic asset in controlling the city .	11	conflict.yield.n/a
According to Sepúlveda , his payments were made in cash , half upfront .	5	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The UK - based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Friday that dozens of overnight air strikes had struck east Aleppo , as fighting continued on the northern and southern edges of the city .	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In Clinton Cash , investigative reporter Peter Schweizer alleges that the Clintons used Hillary Clinton ’s sway as secretary of state to obtain audacious sums of cash for numerous other brazen activities , among them allegedly awarding to Clinton cronies disaster - relief funds meant for Haiti after its 2010 earthquake , enriching the Clinton Foundation in the process .	43	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The leader of Germany 's Green Party , Cem Ozdemir - who initiated the debate on the Armenian massacres in the Bundestag - told a newspaper he had been sent emails saying things like : " We will find you anywhere . "	18	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Storms transport mineral dust from the deserts of China and Mongolia over great distances , as well as pollution from agriculture , industry and power generation .	1	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Twenty - four hours after she landed , a ceasefire went into effect — and that year became Israel ’s quietest in a decade .	9	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The other two may only have emerged briefly to confer with him and thus are only wearing their coats over their uniforms .	9	contact.discussion.meet
In contrast , the United States was above the treaty limit for both deployed and non - deployed launchers , so it has been busy dismantling and denuclearizing so - called phantom launchers — that is , missile silos and bombers that were not actually used in nuclear planning but had not yet been destroyed or carried equipment that made them accountable under the treaty .	64	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
" Or imagine an internet run like China or Russia that punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	13	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
The California visit represents just a small part of the over $ 300,000 in flights , vehicle charges , meals and hotel stays Stutzman 's campaign fund has spent since the tea party - backed Republican went to Washington in 2010 on a pledge to oppose special interests … roughly three times more than Rep. Todd Young , his GOP Senate rival in the May 3 primary who joined the House about the same time . ”	43	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Tracing the gun beyond the initial point of purchase is on the cops . )	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The group operates a network to smuggle defectors away from IS .	6	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
But Sanders has apparently struggled to form a team of foreign policy experts to help advise his presidential campaign .	15	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
I would defend the rights — I mean , I ’ve gone to jail , frankly , in multiple states defending people ’s rights to participate .	13	movement.transportperson.n/a
But given the easy GOP capitulation to such an obviously unfit candidate , how far would Mr. Trump have to go for a likely Republican House to impeach him ?	5	conflict.yield.n/a
Head of the Russian Orthodox Church Patriarch Kirill denounced as " heresy " those human rights that he said contradicted the Bible , and proclaimed fighting them the goal of his church , the Interfax news agency reported Sunday .	24	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
“ The answer is , probably yes , ” Trump said when asked by the New York Times if he would halt U.S. oil purchases from the Middle East without military support from Arab countries in the region .	24	transaction.transferownership.purchase
I am suggesting there ’s a reason for their resentment .	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
A network of hijacked computers that was believed to be offline has resumed spamming its victims with ransomware .	3	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Investigators say the money was part of an illegal , undisclosed payment system , the Times reports .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
For Trump , the debates have been at the center of the most destructive two - month period of his campaign , when he has faced multiple accusations of unwanted sexual advances against women and blowback over his vulgar comments on a hot microphone about forcing himself on women sexually .	4	contact.discussion.meet
They also photographed the smuggled papers , and Barakat promised them that he ’d supply the originals if the case went to trial .	14	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
President Gerald Ford ’s insistence that there was “ no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe ” ranks high among the most memorable blunders of past presidential debates , while Sarah Palin ’s short - lived stint as John McCain ’s running mate saw a plethora of errors , including the improbable assertion that Vladimir Putin might want to singlehandedly invade Alaska .	59	conflict.attack.n/a
Estonia follows close behind with a homicide rate of 4.7 . .	6	life.die.n/a
Real - keeping : Sanders is grossly misleading his supporters about his prospects for winning the nomination .	7	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Earlier this month , he also kicked a Muslim woman , who stood up in silent protest , out of a rally .	16	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Cave lions - Panthera spelaea ( Goldfuss ) - lived during Middle and Late Pleistocene times on the Eurasian continent , from the British Isles to Chukotka in the extreme east of Russia , and they also roamed Alaska and northwestern Canada .	37	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
“ Agreement between the United States of America and the Republic of Iraq on the Withdrawal of United States Forces from Iraq and the Organization of Their Activities during Their Temporary Presence in Iraq . ”	1	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
and boundless confidence in America 's promise … that I accept your nomination for President of the United States !	6	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The debate was especially icy at the outset , replete with talk of sexual impropriety and Trump threatening to jail Clinton over her erased emails .	19	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The Justice Department extradited the hacker to Northern Virginia where he recently agreed in a plea deal to cooperate in future investigations and testify before a grand jury .	3	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Many Cubans want President Barack Obama to do more to lift the U.S. embargo on Cuba , hoping such a move will super - charge the transformation .	13	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
“ Terrorist groups are exclusively responsible for starving out the civilians in the town , ” said a report carried on the website of Hezbollah ’s al - Manar television station .	7	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
On Thursday morning a bomb detonated by remote control hit security forces travelling in a military vehicle on a road linking Diyarbakır to the district of Lice .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
Manafort resigned on Friday .	1	personnel.endposition.quitretire
In her debates with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , Mrs. Clinton has defended her foreign policy decisions , including urging the Obama administration to join a NATO - led coalition to oust Col . Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya and her 2002 vote to authorize the use of force in Iraq , which she later said was a mistake .	20	contact.requestadvise.meet
Barney Frank , co - chair of the rules committee at the Democratic National Convention , says it was never expected that Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz would preside over convention proceedings this week .	30	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Peter Schweizer — author of “ Clinton Cash , ” which Trump referred to in his speech — claimed in a TV interview last year that Clinton , as a committee member , had “ veto power ” and “ could have stopped ” the sale .	22	contact.discussion.n/a
Clinton apologists argue that it ’s misleading because it ignores all the public officials that she met with , and thus conflating the numbers significantly .	6	contact.prevarication.n/a
“ The primary thing was , I painted it . ” The implication , of course , would be that the price differential between his purchase and sale was almost entirely profit .	25	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Washington has said it is willing to negotiate with the North if it the country commits to denuclearization , which Pyongyang has refused to do .	7	contact.negotiate.meet
In a 13-tweet blast , Snowden said the auction may be a signal to the US to think twice before retaliating over the hack of two Democratic Party organizations .	8	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Falsely said , of the D.C. v. Heller legal case about gun rights , “ What the District of Columbia was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns and so they wanted people with guns to safely store them . ” ( This contains a grain of truth but is more misleading than accurate .	53	contact.prevarication.meet
Perhaps she was taking such a position to create distance between herself and her Republic opponent Donald Trump , who ’s in favor of the Assad regime remaining and takes the Kremlin ’s line that in Syria “ Russia is killing ISIS ” rather than pulverizing civilians who just happen to live in rebel - held areas .	40	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ As a result , Daesh barbarians , like other criminal regimes , have increased other forms of trafficking .	18	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Crimean Tatars , an indigenous Muslim minority , largely boycotted the vote , activists and independent media reports said .	9	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Clinton lambasted Trump for his trademark Twitter tirades , saying he has few skills beyond “ composing nasty tweets ... I’m willing to bet he ’s writing a few right now . ”	16	manufacture.artifact.n/a
As of July 2015 , 101 countries had abolished the capital punishment for all crimes , according to the human rights group .	8	government.legislate.legislate
The tycoon - turned - president 's attempts to distance himself from the scandal come with the war - torn country already engulfed in a months - long political crisis that has paralysed the government and delayed the release of vital Western aid .	19	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Merkel said Germany would continue to do engage in regular dialogue with Russia but also saw " new threats " close to Europe , and was determined to both increase its own military spending and strengthen the NATO alliance .	10	contact.discussion.correspondence
Occasional trucks , transporting oil tanks , drive through the city	3	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
The wife had also been stabbed , but those injuries were not fatal .	5	conflict.attack.stabbing
MOSCOW ( AP ) — The former executive director of the Russian Anti - Doping Agency has died , two months after resigning amid a doping scandal that triggered the suspension of the country 's track and field program .	17	life.die.n/a
The court rejected Ms Lagarde 's appeal against a judge 's order in December for her to stand trial over allegations of negligence in her handling of the affair .	18	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
The crash of FlyDubai Boeing 737 in Russia 's Rostov - on - Don could occur after the commander of the aircraft deliberately sent the airplane into the ground , PravdaRu reported .	1	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Most of its initial paragraphs , indicating who composed it and the circumstances under which it was written , are redacted .	8	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
Even though the corporate media loves to blame Russia whenever possible , their failure to cover the deaths of US military officers by a Russian missile strike strongly implies that the US and the other foreign officers killed in Aleppo were doing something that the US government does not want to be made public .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
Trump ’s campaign manager Paul Manafort also used to be a lobbyist for the pro - Russian president of Ukraine , who was ousted in 2014 .	23	personnel.endposition.n/a
10/31 1:53 p.m. : Dems sue Trump campaign over alleged voter intimidation in four states	10	government.vote.violationspreventvote
In the period covered by the payment list , Manafort worked for former Ukrainian President Viktor F. Yanukovych , who was supportive of Russia 's President Vladimir Putin and was ousted in 2014 .	30	personnel.endposition.n/a
Clinton is pointing to Trump 's Thursday interview about his health on the Dr. Oz talk show as evidence of what she calls his " showman " tendencies .	7	contact.discussion.correspondence
The UN expected the sides to get back to the negotiating table in September , however that proposal was brushed aside by the rebels because the Saudis have since ramped up their airstrikes , AP reports .	10	contact.discussion.n/a
Key market issues such as drug pricing and breaking up the banks were not discussed at this debate .	14	contact.discussion.meet
One of his brothers had been arrested and had n’t been released .	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
He pledges to honor all existing treaties and obligations , and supports NATO , though he wants the European nations to live up to their commitment to pay 2 percent of GDP for the common defense ; a reasonable expectation .	6	government.agreements.n/a
Around the same time , companies controlled by another Russian billionaire , Oleg Deripaska , paid $ 7.35 million toward management fees for Manafort and his partners in connection with an investment fund , according to a court filing in the Cayman Islands .	15	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
However , 97 % of those said that “ recent warming is mostly man - made . ” And so what we have is a misleading statement that has become misrepresented and cited as fact .	25	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Fatima , a 22-year - old house - wife who does not want to give her full name , said she had finally escaped from Mosul after several failed attempts because her children were starving and Isis had become more violent and sadistic compared with a year ago , especially towards women .	23	movement.transportperson.n/a
The letter illuminating Mateen 's state of mind in the final hours of his life was released as the long , sad procession of memorials and funerals for the victims began in Orlando and as the FBI appealed for the public 's help in reconstructing the killer 's movements .	26	contact.funeralvigil.meet
Retaliation is politically fraught and could have serious consequences , but this is an attack against our democracy .	14	conflict.attack.n/a
The Iraq war veteran had served in Hawaii 's state house for 20 years before winning election to Congress in 2014 .	15	personnel.elect.winelection
A similar room was created at Chappaqua ; while she rarely used the secure room at Whitehaven — preferring to just go into the office if she had work to do — she relied heavily on the one in Chappaqua when she was in New York , in part because cellphone coverage in the area was so poor that she needed the use of the SCIF ’s phone .	4	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
“ Unlike their parents and grandparents , who grew up when Jews were still reeling from the Holocaust , they know Israel primarily as a powerful nation rather than an existential necessity . ”	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Clinton 's campaign has waded into the fray , suggesting the upgrades and intelligence agency disparities are the result of " over - classification run amok . "	9	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Libya is now destroyed and its residents consider themselves the victims of a holocaust .	3	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
“ You would also , probably under common scheme or plan , argue the burn bags of daily calendar entries or the missing daily calendar entries as a common scheme or plan to conceal .	33	movement.transportperson.hide
He has been stuck in that country 's embassy in London ever since , unable to leave because Britain would likely extradite him to Sweden , where he 's wanted for questioning on suspicion of rape .	21	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The doctors at Russian Khmeimim airbase in Latakia province fought for Timoshenkov ’s life for over 24 hours , but he passed away on Thursday , June 16 , it added .	21	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Six out of 10 respondents , regardless of party , say they are concerned about issues such as voter intimidation and suppression .	18	government.vote.violationspreventvote
The organization has gained support , in part , because the Arab revolutions of 2011 were defeated , in many cases by regimes allied with and funded by the U.S.	26	transaction.transaction.n/a
Its $ 3.6 billion budget request for helicopter procurement , about eight hours worth of federal spending at current rates , is focused mainly on upgrading Reagan - era rotorcraft because it ca n't afford to buy new ones .	36	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The three days of relentless bombing meant many bodies were buried under the rubble of their destroyed homes and hospitals were overwhelmed with the wounded .	24	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" Compare the era we ’re living in today to the losses we suffered in World War II or even in the Vietnam War "	16	conflict.attack.n/a
In recent weeks , Clinton and Sanders have stepped up their attacks on one another , worrying some Democrats that the animosity hurt the eventual nominee in the general election .	22	life.injure.n/a
Sean Kay , who chairs the international studies program at Ohio Wesleyan University and informally advised Sen. Bernie Sanders ( Vt . ) during his run for the Democratic presidential nomination , called Trump ’s approach “ more like a bull in a china shop . ”	15	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
A Falcon 9 booster rocket exploded on the launch pad in Cape Canaveral , Florida , as tropical storm Hermine bore down on the area .	5	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Representative Jordan also did his best to pin Hillary down on her lying to the American people when she said an inflammatory Youtube video mocking the prophet Muhammad sparked a ( non - existing ) protest that led to the Benghazi attack .	35	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Hide Caption 34 of 43 Photos : Hillary Clinton 's life in the spotlight Clinton testifies about the Benghazi attack during a House committee meeting in October 2015 .	24	contact.collaborate.meet
I discuss in this segment that Clinton is barely above Trump in an average of polls .	1	contact.discussion.n/a
The committee head , Waclaw Berczynski , reiterated his theory that the Tupolev 154 exploded mid - air , without offering a stitch of evidence to substantiate his claim .	14	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
A Washington Post - ABC News poll found 72 percent approve of his threats to imprison Clinton — a violation of the most basic norms of democracy .	15	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Plans to evacuate several hundred rebels from the last opposition - held district of Homs city have also overshadowed the agreement , with rebels saying it would amount to the government declaring the ceasefire over .	2	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Hillary Clinton typically earned US$ 225,000 for speeches , though she sometimes donated her fees to her family foundation .	12	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
There is no evidence Trump expressed public opposition to the war before the U.S. invaded .	14	conflict.attack.invade
The legal ramifications of the Trump Organization taking rent payments from Bank Melli are unclear .	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
@AmbassadorPower urged UNSC members to call out Russia pic.twitter.com/dmQPINFNxZ — Abigail Williams ( @Abs_NBC ) September 26 , 2016	1	contact.commandorder.n/a
“ Terrorists are trying to prevent the population from fleeing the eastern part of the city of Aleppo the best they can , threatening to shoot civilians or publicly execute them .	29	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Our panel is here with us , Alex Castellanos , who is now advising Donald Trump 's Super PAC , Hallie Jackson of NBC News , who covers much of the Republican side of this race , Pulitzer Prize - winning author and historian , Doris Kearns Goodwin and New York Times columnist , David Brooks .	13	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Trump also failed to disclose that he was under investigation by a grand jury directed by the U.S. attorney in Brooklyn , who wanted to learn how Trump obtained an option to buy the Penn Central railroad yards on the West Side of Manhattan .	9	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Tartt , 44 , an agent with the Mississippi Bureau of Narcotics , was fatally shot on the morning of February 20 as he and other officers entered a home in Iuka , trying to end a six - hour standoff with a man inside , police said .	15	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Because either it ’s a government building , or it ’s private , but then there ’s a “ burst pipe ” or some kind of inspection , if they try to schedule a rally .	26	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
" Because you 'd be in jail , " he interrupted .	6	movement.transportperson.preventexit
In the years before Hillary Clinton became secretary of state , the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia contributed at least $ 10,000,000 to the Clinton Foundation Just two months before a deal with Boeing to make warplanes was finalized with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , Boeing donated $ 900,000 to the Clinton Foundation	46	transaction.transferownership.n/a
" We maintain our principled view that the practice of detaining Russian citizens following US requests to third countries all over the world is a legal abuse and violation of internationally recognised proceedings , " it said .	10	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
We have gangs roaming the street .	3	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
The widely respected geopolitical analysis firm , the Economist Intelligence Unit , declared his election a top 10 global threat .	14	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
Russia has a history of lending financial support to fringe far - right parties such as France 's Front National .	5	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
This ' thing ' became the bloody Feb. 22 , 2014 coup ousting elected President Yanukovych and touching off a civil war between Ukrainian ' nationalists ' from the west and Ukraine 's ethnic Russians in the east . "	12	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Sunday 's election follows a tumultuous few years that have seen Russia seize the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine , plunge into its worst standoff with the West since the Cold War and start a military campaign in Syria .	19	movement.transportperson.n/a
Supposedly , Ammon and company are following in his father 's felonious footsteps by seizing this federal property in protest of the arrest of two Oregon ranchers -- Dwight and Steven Hammond , who were convicted of arson for setting fire to 127 acres of Federal land so as to protect their own property from uncontrollable forest fires .	35	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Unlike , for instance , a Predator drone armed with a Hellfire missile , the Harop itself is the munition and destroys a target by ramming into it .	21	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The politically influential Dogan family , whose Dogan Group was Trump ’s Turkish business partner on the project , is embroiled in criminal allegations , with its owner facing charges that he engaged in a fuel - smuggling scheme .	37	movement.transportperson.hide
Furthermore , the west 's demand that Ukraine should enable democratic elections in the areas not under its control is taken to the absurd by the revelation .	5	contact.commandorder.n/a
“ When you think about the amount of earned media … it ’s very difficult to run a campaign in two weeks , three weeks , that ’s going to compensate for being absent from the case for seven or eight months . ”	30	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
One of them is Manafort , whom Trump hired in March and named as his campaign chairman in mid - May .	8	personnel.startposition.hiring
“ The temperament is not that different . ” Decades later , Trump has praised Putin as a forceful leader , a “ better leader ” than Barack Obama ; Putin hardly conceals his hope that Trump will win election to the White House .	38	personnel.elect.winelection
As Secretary of State , she helped restore America 's standing during challenging times , meaning that her tireless diplomatic efforts brought forth progress with tougher sanctions , missile reduction treaties , ceasefires and strengthened international coalitions .	32	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The U.N. had imposed harsh sanctions on Iraq , and the Bush administration had explained frankly that it would use them as the world ’s cruelest bank shot : The sanctions would kill Iraqis , which would motivate surviving Iraqis to overthrow Saddam , so that the killing could end .	5	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
( This was not always the case ; during the 2000 presidential election , Vice President Al Gore routinely promised to “ do whatever is necessary in order to make sure our forces stay the strongest in the world ” and even pledged to spend “ twice as much ” on defense than George W.	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
In the camp at Idomeni , at the border with Macedonia , where more than 13,000 migrants have been stuck in muddy conditions after Macedonia sealed its border , talk of smuggling is everywhere .	31	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
The Rothschilds knew that Egypt would be free to grant a new concession for the Suez Canal to a power unfriendly to Great Britain , like France , Germany or Russia , when the concession expired .	9	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
On Sunday , the first Turkish casualty in the operation was flown home from Gaziantep for burial in his home province of Duzce on the Black Sea .	16	contact.funeralvigil.meet
The night Sen. Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( R - Texas ) dropped out of the race , Trump hammered Clinton over former President Bill Clinton Bill ClintonTrump legal team spokesman used Twitter to criticize Trump Jonathan Taplin misses the mark on corporate dominance in tech Senate GOP shifts focus to Lynch MORE ’s signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement , which the celebrity businessman said was the worst trade agreement in history .	123	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
( Hector Retamal / AFP / Getty Images ) Workers go to evacuate residents from the Grise River area before Hurricane Matthew arrives , in Tabarre , Haiti .	12	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
They were smuggled out of the country with the help of the Happy Reunification Road Organisation , which works to help North Koreans and for the reunification of the country .	2	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Trump is also noting that Hillary Clinton was a court - appointed defender for a man accused of assaulting a 12-year - old who was raped in Arkansas and says she laughed at some point while discussing it .	16	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Immigration officers would be able to immediately deport people visiting the country who " preach hate " and those who immigrate to the United States would be expected to assimilate , he said .	14	contact.mediastatement.n/a
Khizr Khan , father of deceased Muslim U.S. soldier Humayun S. M. Khan , holds up a booklet of the U.S. Constitution as he delivers remarks on the fourth day of the Democratic National Convention , Thursday in Philadelphia .	5	life.die.n/a
In the past four years , people working for the organization have smuggled more than six hundred thousand government documents out of Syria , many of them from top - secret intelligence facilities .	12	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Ilona Bogen , a 38-year - old nurse who immigrated from Lithuania about 15 years ago and who is one of the few likely to support Hillary Clinton , said she has no idea why Trump is currying favor with Putin .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Steve had carefully planned his political retreat , which became evident as he laid out his strategy for defeating the Clinton administration ’s anti - gun agenda : Retain control of the Senate at all costs .	6	conflict.yield.n/a
The “ first black president ” worked to compensate African American farmers for the billions of dollars they lost because of the government ’s discriminatory farm loan program .	8	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
We must be able to provide aid impartially and safely , ” said Marianne Gasser , head of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Syria ( ICRC ) .	5	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Between September 2010 and May 2011 , 1MDB agreed to lend an additional $ 830 m to the joint venture with PetroSaudi – bringing 1MDB ’s total investment to $ 1.83bn .	10	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Many young black activists believe that amounts to nothing more than putting a Band - Aid on a gunshot wound .	19	life.injure.n/a
A Chengdu Airlines spokesman did n’t reply to faxed questions sent at his request .	8	contact.collaborate.correspondence
I always thought that if Trump looked like he was winning in November , we ’d all need to invest in gold bullion , as Trump has promised to use dollar devaluation as a major tool against other countries .	27	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
" A subsequent investigation allowed the agency to determine that no other athlete accounts on ADAMS have been accessed . "	3	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Prosecutors also declined to prosecute O’Neill , but he quit the bureau before it could decide what discipline to impose for the incident .	9	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Mustafa Barghouti , head of the Palestinian National Initiative , said Israel 's decision proved that " an alternative national strategy that focused on popular resistance and the boycott movement " was essential , in addition to reconciling feuding parties Hamas and Fatah .	28	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
It caused chronic radiation sickness , said Dr Higley , raising the risk of cancer and congenital abnormalities .	4	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Top allies of Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton planned to falsely accuse presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump of rape , a leaked file from the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) shows .	18	life.injure.n/a
“ Common funding includes both annual funding for NATO civilian and military expenses ( the latter includes spending on very few NATO owned assets and is a few billion a year ) and any operational military expenses , which get voted on whenever the operation is authorized , ” said Ivo Daalder , a former U.S. ambassador to NATO who is president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs .	6	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Let me reiterate .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Madeleine K. Albright , a secretary of state in the Clinton administration who is advising Mrs. Clinton , recently returned from a trip to Britain .	14	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
They say we can radicalize them easily , and if they have no prior record , they can buy guns , so we do n’t need to have no contact man who has to provide guns for them . ”	18	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Kaine also chided Trump for his meeting last week with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , with whom he later entered into an online spat over whether they discussed if Mexico would pay for a wall along the US - Mexico border .	28	contact.discussion.correspondence
Now , several major media outlets - The New York Times and USA Today parent company Gannett among them - have requested that the New York State Supreme Court unseal the court documents from Trump 's divorce proceedings .	37	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Pence is best known by most Americans for the hateful denial - of - service law he peddled in Indiana last year , and even sought to divert funding from HIV programs to promote the abusive practice of so - called ‘ conversion therapy . ’ ”	28	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
According to a decree signed by Putin on Nov. 28 of 2015 , Russia would stop importing a wide range of Turkish agricultural products including fruit and vegetables , salt , poultry products and so on .	16	movement.transportartifact.n/a
There is no evidence for this account , and photographs from the Moscow University seem to support Russian reports that marines killed one pirate in a firefight , and took the other ten captive .	21	life.die.n/a
For the coming year , Obama has left the door open to using executive powers to fulfill his early pledge to close the Guantanamo military prison , and could also act on his own to further loosen the half - century - old economic embargo on Cuba .	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Mr Assange believes that if he goes to Sweden he will be extradited to the United States for questioning over the activities of WikiLeaks .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
So it is naïve to think that somehow we can have a productive relationship with Russia when Russia is engaging in territorial land grabs over the last two years . I was struck by the fact that Trump was very soft and accommodating toward Russia in his speech and did not mention Crimea , Ukraine , or the threats to our NATO allies .	22	transaction.transaction.n/a
He was punched to the ground and they were kicking him .	9	life.injure.n/a
Eventually , there was a spate of forcible arrests , even of protesters who had retreated from the streets onto sidewalks and , in one case , into the front yard of a woman who tried to shelter them .	15	conflict.yield.retreat
Ms Patel hit out after 35 were killed in the bombardment of the Ahmad Kalaji school complex in Hass , in the Idlib province on Wednesday .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
All the while , the US was busy directly funding groups ( not only in Egypt ) that were training young student “ leaders ” to follow in the footsteps of OTPOR ! , the US - funded group that helped its agenda by destabilizing Serbia with protests and increased civil strife , thereby easing the ouster of Serbia ’s President Slobodan Milosovic .	47	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
( June 29 ) AP 11 of 19 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE SUICIDE ATTACK AT ISTANBUL AIRPORT ' Like Hell ' : Istanbul airport attack witnesses describe bloody scene | 1:27 The attack at Ataturk Airport on Tuesday killed 41 people and injured more than 200 .	46	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Jose Daniel Ferrer , a Cuban dissident who was imprisoned for eight years beginning in 2008 , said Obama could harness the attention from his trip to make a loud demand for political reform , citing President Ronald Reagan 's demand in 1987 for the Soviet Union to " tear down this wall . "	9	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
In October the US dropped supply pallets containing more than 45 tonnes of ammunition to rebels in the province .	5	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Trump confers with Marco Rubio during the disastrous Feb. 6 debate in New Hampshire that essentially ended Rubio 's 2016 presidential hopes .	1	contact.discussion.n/a
Whenever Clinton pivots to Trump ’s or WikiLeaks ’s alleged “ associations ” with Russia in response to valid criticism of her campaign , you know that she is as guilty as sin .	30	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
( Andres Martinez Casares / Reuters ) Men transport a wounded woman in Chantal , Haiti .	10	life.injure.n/a
Rep. Adam Schiff Adam SchiffSchiff : Russia investigation is just beginning Sunday shows preview : Trump pushes back as Russia probe heats up Dem : Congress will begin impeachment if Trump fires Mueller , Rosenstein MORE ( Calif. ) , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , dismissed the idea of a special prosecutor during an interview with MSNBC 's Andrea Mitchell on Tuesday .	7	justice.investigate.n/a
The chairman of the Daewoo Group , Kim Woo Choong , fled to North Korea ; he returned in 2005 , was arrested and convicted of embezzlement and sentenced to 10 years in prison .	24	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Marquez could be sent to prison for as long as 50 years if he 's convicted .	15	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Ottoman authorities began the mass killings in question on April 24 , 1915 , when 250 Armenian intellectuals were detained and later executed in their capital , Constantinople , which is present - day Istanbul .	19	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Jose Daniel Ferrer , a Cuban dissident who was imprisoned for eight years beginning in 2008 , said Obama could harness the attention from his trip to make a loud demand for political reform , citing President Ronald Reagan 's demand in 1987 for the Soviet Union to " tear down this wall . "	9	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Meanwhile , retired Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , a prominent Trump adviser , accepted an invitation from RT to attend a dinner in Moscow last year , where he was seated next to Putin .	2	personnel.endposition.n/a
The third set tested voters ' fears of a series of physical threats , ranging from ISIS and Russia to viruses and car accidents .	23	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Because many of the ISIS captives were being individually negotiated for ransom with their governments , employers or families , the women , at least , inside the makeshift prison south of ISIS stronghold Raqqa were not subjected to the kind of abuses that Mueller said she experienced in other ISIS prisons before and after her time there , according to the Mueller family and those held captive with her .	9	contact.discussion.n/a
New York City grocery mogul John Catsimatidis immigrated to the United States from Greece as an infant .	7	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Four days of clashes between Azerbaijani and Armenian troops in early April in Nagorno - Karabakh claimed over 100 fatalities — the greatest loss of life in the conflict since a 1994 ceasefire ended a bloody ethnic war that erupted in the dying days of the Soviet Union .	19	life.die.n/a
Should Hillary be elected President , Sanders will likely be a constant presence , urging her to pursue a progressive agenda .	14	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
During the 2016 presidential election , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has said that “ when Wall Street executives commit criminal wrongdoing , they deserve to face criminal prosecution . ” An IBT analysis found that the Clinton Foundation has accepted $ 5 million worth of donations from at least nine financial institutions that reached settlement agreements with the Justice Department that required them to pay big fines but let them avoid prosecution .	4	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
The only way to stop terrorism in short term is to annihilate armed militants , Assad believes , while in the long term focusing on efforts to battle the jihadist ideology .	11	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Several months after his arrest , Bubeyev pleaded guilty to inciting hatred toward Russians and was sentenced to a year in prison .	4	movement.transportperson.preventexit
However , if possible , the use of force is something to avoid except in cases where genocide is threatened , like Bosnia or Libya or with regimes that threaten our security , like the Taliban and Saddam Hussein .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
After a terrorist attack in France this summer , Trump said he would request war authorization from Congress — an unprecedented departure from long - standing practice for American military engagement that would grant the president sweeping powers not invoked since World War II .	33	transaction.transaction.n/a
In his research from St. Petersburg , Chen discovered that Russian internet trolls — paid by the Kremlin to spread false information on the internet — have been behind a number of “ highly coordinated campaigns ” to deceive the American public .	38	contact.prevarication.correspondence
In fact , even for this election , it ’s not too late : Much like Minnesota did , the U.S. Supreme Court could create special three - judge panel , ideally agreed to by both candidates , that could advise the court in any case involving the presidential election .	40	contact.requestadvise.meet
Fatal shootings of police in Texas , Louisiana , and California .	0	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Also covered by the sanctions are people doing business with Russian intelligence and defense agencies .	4	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
TRUMP : If we can not be properly reimbursed for the tremendous cost of our military protecting other countries , and in many cases the countries I ’m talking about are extremely rich .	8	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The centerpiece of Trump 's presidential campaign is the plan to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico as a barrier against illegal migration , criminals and narcotics trafficking .	30	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
So the “ principled ” budget - conscious libertarian governor forced his state deep into debt to pay for a campaign donor 's pork barrel project , and the only way he could raise that much debt was to go to Washington DC and borrow everything he could against the state , sticking the poorest state in America with the bill : $ 345 million for construction of the road , plus another $ 142 million in interest on those bonds .	44	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
… Obama said at the outset to Hillary and me , ‘ It ’s time to lay our cards on the table , Bob , what do you think ? ’ I repeated a number of the main points I had made in my memo to him [ urging three brigades].	48	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Wednesday 's operation was launched in response to a string of attacks in Turkey , including a suicide bomb attack at a wedding party near the border which killed 54 people .	15	conflict.attack.n/a
Francis abandoned his homily text to lament Europe 's handling of the influx of migrants and asylum - seekers fleeing war , persecution or poverty from Syria , Iraq , Africa and elsewhere .	19	movement.transportperson.n/a
A federal district court rejected the industry ’s request for an injunction , and a ruling on an appeal is still pending .	11	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
" Among the civilians taken by IS there were people used as human shields but also many who chose voluntarily to leave the town due to fear of reprisals " by the SDF , Observatory head Rami Abdel Rahman said . The SDF launched an assault in May on Manbij , on a key jihadist supply route between the Turkish border and IS 's de facto Syrian capital Raqa . A woman sets fire to a niqab after she was evacuated with others by the Syria Democratic Forces fighters .	80	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
I have taken my cue from the Democrats in the Senate , led by Senator Patty Murray and others , like my good friend Kirsten Gillibrand , who has said we will set a national level of $ 12 and then urge any place that can go above it to go above it .	41	contact.commandorder.n/a
It offers passenger and freight services to more than 75 destinations .	4	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
This point addresses the first two points of Scripture above .	2	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
-- “ Debate rips open GOP wounds , and party risks tearing itself apart , ” by Robert Costa and Philip Rucker : “ The GOP is at risk of tearing itself apart over its past as it heads into the thick of the primary season .	2	contact.discussion.meet
White House to American children : Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs ; union - wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras	8	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
The Clinton campaign has seized on the argument that there is a media double standard in pushing back against questions about its handling of Clinton ’s illness .	26	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
While Israel has generally hewed to a policy of nonintervention in the internal fighting in Syria , it has acted to prevent weapons shipments from Syria to Lebanon but has rarely admitted responsibility for the strikes , in part to avoid pushing the other side to retaliate .	23	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
In addition , if the row rolls on , it may prove difficult to keep oil shipments moving along the strategically important Strait of Hormuz waterway .	16	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
“ Both leaders agreed to foster dialogue between intelligence agencies dealing with aviation security and made plans to meet in person in the near future , ” the statement said .	6	contact.discussion.correspondence
Business Green continues with the recent info from the Ipsos survey , noting that there ’s “ overwhelming support for paying a premium on energy bills to secure cleaner energy sources with 92.6 % saying they can accept a price rise when buying green power . ”	42	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The protests spread rapidly to other areas i Syria , Several parties are involved .	1	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
1/11 Starvation A UN report said that policies leading to mass starvation in North Korea amounted to crimes against humanity .	1	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
He once again fawned over Vladimir Putin , who has invaded his neighbors and repressed his citizens .	10	conflict.attack.invade
Faaborg - Andersen said the EU would continue to provide aid to the Palestinians in Area C , despite the tension it generates with Jerusalem .	9	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Khomeini , in effect , had three requests : smooth the way for his return , press the constitutional government to resign , and force the military to capitulate .	28	conflict.yield.surrender
Barack Obama , David Cameron and international allies were vocal with their criticism of the Syrian government ’s human rights abuses and war crimes at the start of the conflict in 2011 and the UK almost launched an intervention against Assad two years later .	29	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The White House on Monday urged technology CEOs to pitch in on President Donald Trump 's effort to modernize government .	5	contact.commandorder.n/a
" It 's an unspoken truth , and that is that the Republican Party has won elections on the basis of implicit nationalism and not on the basis of the Constitution , free - market economics , vague Christian values and so on .	15	personnel.elect.winelection
Representatives of Palestinian civil society launched BDS in 2005 , calling upon “ international civil society organizations and people of conscience all over the world to impose broad boycotts and implement divestment initiatives against Israel . ”	28	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
In Asia - Pacific , there were 3.2 accidents per million flights last year , compared with a worldwide rate of 1.8 per million .	8	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
One side is calling for swingeing strokes of a spending scythe on the government with the threat of a shutdown behind it , and the other side is offering more redistributive taxing and , through the quaint and incompletely recycled ex - communist Bernie Sanders , a trillion - dollar bribe in the forgiveness of all student loans .	57	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
One brigade , from Iraq , is made up of troops whom the Iranians recruited to fight in Iraq for pay , and were transferred to Syria .	20	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
McFaul is President Barack Obama 's top adviser on Russia and has been involved in the reset of relations between the two countries and the signing of the New START treaty .	30	government.agreements.n/a
The crew can fire antitank guided missiles from the main gun .	3	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
There is the expectation of special treatment — see his debate boycott .	11	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Report expected to say Buk missile was fired from separatist - held area in Ukraine and its launcher smuggled back to Russia	18	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Antaihe Cheol , a 30-year - old resident of northern Israel , said his father and brother have been waiting to immigrate for 20 years .	21	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
' We only have three operating theatres and yesterday alone we had to do more than 20 major abdominal surgeries , ' he said , pointing out that ' hospital staff is working up to 20 hours a day .	19	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
From the beginning , the CIA and the Arab intelligence agencies relied on Jordanian security services to transport the weapons , many bought in bulk in the Balkans and elsewhere around Eastern Europe .	17	movement.transportartifact.n/a
What do you think about General and Secretary of State Colin Powell , whose parents immigrated from Jamaica , or former Army intelligence officer , Secretary of Defense and CIA Director Leon Panetta , whose family immigrated from Italy ?	15	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
The emergency Security Council meeting came as US Secretary of State John Kerry cautioned there was " a lot more work to do " for a ceasefire to take hold in Syria , following talks in Geneva between American and Russian officials .	26	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the CIA 's help .	5	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
As for how Washington will respond , U.S. officials told Reuters " they are considering tougher responses to the Russian - backed Syrian government assault , including military options , although they have described the range of possible responses as limited and say risky measures like air strikes on Syrian targets or sending U.S. jets to escort aid are unlikely . "	24	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Apart from promising to tear up the Iran nuclear agreement and wondering if Japan and South Korea should be acquiring their own nuclear weapons ( both of which would have devastating consequences for U.S. security ) , Trump has said virtually nothing about his plans on nuclear weapons issues .	19	transaction.transferownership.purchase
After the recent event in France , I recommended several times to negotiate with Iran over the issue of terrorism .	8	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
If we soundly condemn Sanders’ offensive disrespect of institutions and possibly imprison him , it will send a clear message to his supporters that we will not be cowed into submission by a violent man whose bloodlust for respectability is possibly aggravated by dementia .	11	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
China ’s ambassador was summoned by South Korean officials to protest the latest clash off the Korean peninsula ’s west coast , in which a coastguard patrol boat sank last week after being rammed by a Chinese fishing vessel .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
“ Prior to the election I rarely saw any of these ‘ 23andme ’ threads , and when I did it was n’t to compete to see who was the most white ; it was just sharing the heritage you did n’t know you had with others , ” a longtime 4chan user told me .	4	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
" Any sign of me resigning would be a signal that the international community is abandoning the Syrians , and we will not abandon the Syrians , and neither will you , " he said .	5	personnel.endposition.n/a
More than 133,000 migrants have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year , according to the UNHCR , with at least 400 drowning in the attempt .	24	life.die.n/a
When the Clintons left 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue in 2001 , they reportedly vandalized and looted the White House .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The FBI recommended not to bring criminal charges against Clinton earlier this month .	2	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
As another Russian émigré , Tatiana Menaker , put it , “ We feel like we survived a plague , and now we are seeing people with boils on their skin . ” Most of those who ’ve immigrated from the former Soviet Union to the United States over the past few decades have been Jewish .	38	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
A small portion belongs to business people who keep some of their wealth offshore for fear it will be confiscated .	19	transaction.transaction.n/a
A prominent Israeli Holocaust survivor from Poland who lived through World War II as a refugee in Russia spoke out what he called “ demagogues who falsely compare persecuted Jews to migrants from Syria . ”	3	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Congress will become a debating society with no real power .	4	contact.discussion.n/a
“ The deployment is mainly intended to park an 800-pound gorilla off Syria ’s coast to intimidate all comers , ” said Cliff Kupchan , the chairman of the Eurasia Group , a Washington - based political risk consultancy .	16	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
The Russian government has tried to boost self - sufficiency in drug production by limiting imports of foreign substances for pharmaceutical companies .	15	movement.transportartifact.n/a
China ’s leader , Xi Jinping , ordered a crackdown after he took over in 2012 , toughening up censorship of social media , arresting hundreds of dissidents and replacing liberal debate in universities with extra Marxism .	12	government.formation.n/a
DF is Firtash , and 1.5 referred to a $ 1.5 million fee payment , according to court documents .	13	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In the end , though , Obama realizes that should the GOP nominee reverse the damage of his rocky political week and win the election , he will have no choice but to do his duty .	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Something similar happened in 2012 , when Trump himself won an auction for a football helmet autographed by football player Tim Tebow , then a quarterback with the Denver Broncos .	11	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Never mind that more Mexicans have returned to their country than have immigrated to the United States since 2009 ; in Trump ’s world they flood across the border , mandating the construction of a wall .	12	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Only four percent think that one of the militias of the self - proclaimed Donetsk or Lugansk republics was to blame .	13	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
For 51 days , Israel bombarded Gaza with more than 6,000 airstrikes .	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The murder is to be the subject of a public inquiry , announced by Theresa May earlier this week .	12	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
“ By the way , were you paid $ 1,500 to be a thug ? ” he said , seemingly addressing both the crowd and the person simultaneously .	7	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The stunning turn of events was accompanied by a plunge in the financial markets , with the value of the British pound and stock prices plummeting .	9	movement.transportartifact.fall
In a 2011 interview , for instance , he spoke of the “ Putinization ” of Russia .	3	contact.discussion.meet
But that apparently was n't enough close the gap for a group that needs money to replace weapons lost in airstrikes and battles , and pays its fighters first and foremost .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
In the attack last year , 14 people were killed and 22 were injured in a shooting at a San Bernardino social center .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
As long ago as 1978 , a study of robbery and aggravated assault in eight cities found parity between the race of assailants in victim reports and in arrests – a finding replicated many times , among a range of crimes . "	9	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
20/42 Muhammad Ali The three - time former heavyweight world champion died after being admitted to hospital with a respiratory illness on 3 June , aged 74 Getty Images	20	life.injure.n/a
Iran was allowed to make a deal with the International Atomic Energy Agency to inspect itself , and the terms of this deal were never turned over to Congress as the Corker - Cardin law required .	14	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Jason Miller , senior communications advisor to Trump , said Trump and the campaign 's Indiana state director Suzie Jaworowski never gave an interview to the magazine .	23	contact.discussion.correspondence
We have no money for education , because we ca n’t build in our own country .	11	manufacture.artifact.build
Nato expressed concern that the ships could be used to help bomb civilians in Aleppo , but said the final decision on resupply rested with Spain .	11	conflict.attack.bombing
There is a campaign in the United States and in Israel to literally outlaw any advocacy of a boycott movement against Israel , similar to the boycott and divestment and sanctions campaign that brought down Israel and the United States ’s closest ally , which was the apartheid regime in South Africa .	26	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
It caused chronic radiation sickness , said Dr Higley , raising the risk of cancer and congenital abnormalities .	4	life.injure.n/a
A popular uprising eventually ousted him from power and his flight to Russia two years ago was quickly followed by the Kremlin ’s military onslaught on Ukraine , and the seizure of Crimea .	4	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
It sounds like the start of a bad joke ― and in a way , it was ― but three Green Party activists actually did walk into a McDonald ’s on Saturday ; specifically the McDonald ’s in the University of Houston ’s student center , where the far - left party had convened to nominate physician Jill Stein and human rights activist Ajamu Baraka as its presidential and vice presidential candidates .	53	contact.discussion.meet
Drug dealers and users are surrendering to the police by the hundreds of thousands , hoping to avoid death at the hands of gun - toting vigilantes left to roam free by the cops .	29	movement.transportperson.n/a
The procession of arms purchases and handouts has continued to this day , with others involved , including Iran to its allies in Iraq and various donors to Kurdish fighters .	4	transaction.transferownership.purchase
He even said -- and this really , is just so disgusting -- he even said the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there .	22	life.die.n/a
Rather than address the substantive points critics make ( which would be entirely legitimate ) , Trump instead attempts to delegitimize or personally discredit those who disagree with or question him .	2	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
We asked the Trump campaign if Conway misspoke when she conflated ISIS ’s actions with those countries that have donated to the Clinton Foundation .	19	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Marcel Lazar , 44 , who used the alias online , had pleaded guilty in May to charges including unauthorised access to a protected computer and aggravated identity theft after being extradited from Romania .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Ignoring the facts , Black Lives Matter promoted the lie , invented by Brown ’s robbery accomplice , that Brown had his hands up and was attempting to surrender when he was shot .	28	conflict.yield.n/a
For example , Hillary believes that it is vital to deceive the people by having one public policy and a totally different policy in private . "	10	contact.prevarication.meet
The chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign said that outgoing Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz had become a “ distraction ” and made the right move in resigning her post .	30	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The results have been disappointing and tend to show just how hard it is to get agreement to change anything as unwieldy as the AU , but no matter , we would advise the Americans to go ahead and join anyway .	32	contact.requestadvise.meet
Observers agree a nuclear explosion of some kind took place and it seems to have been a bit bigger than the last test in 2013 , but not nearly big enough to be a full thermonuclear explosion - an " H - bomb " - as Pyongyang claims .	36	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
But Clinton has a solid record of advocating for bombing Muslims , not to mention her ongoing pattern of trashing Arabs and Muslims to win over pro - Israel voters and donors .	7	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
In my 2007 book entitled familiarly The Clinton Crack - Up : The Boy President ’s Life After the White House , I revealed that in the dark of the night the Boy President would have “ phone sex ” with Monica Lewinsky on an unsecure White House telephone .	48	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The article naturally infuriated the candidate , who then essentially ousted Manafort and replaced him with Bannon , chief of the far - right Breitbart media empire and perhaps the only person in America with a worse reputation than Trump for hotheadedness and choleric racism .	10	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
“ It ’s the federal government trying to intimidate into silence those citizens who do n’t have resources or connections .	8	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Security forces also intensified operations in ethnic Kurdish areas of southern and south - eastern Turkey that have killed hundreds of people and displaced tens of thousands since last year .	18	life.die.n/a
But the suits will first bring publicity to the activities , and second get these parties on record stating that they do not plan on engaging in voter intimidation , which itself could be useful in the event of problems on election day .	27	government.vote.violationspreventvote
Up to 30 per cent of people who caught it would die , according to the World Health Organisation , after experiencing symptoms including a high fever and the characteristic pus - filled spots .	26	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
The State Department looked into this and confirmed that no classified material was sent through a non - secure fax or email . ”	19	contact.collaborate.n/a
The Turks are thereby acknowledging that any aid they send to Gaza will have to pass through Ashdod Port for Israeli security inspection , only after which it will be taken by land to Gaza .	22	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The Canadian company , UrAsia , was purchased by the Russian Atomic Energy Agency , Rosatom , in January 2005 .	7	transaction.transferownership.purchase
It 's pretty fucking brilliant to use force after the fuck , as he did with most of the others I know about , intimidate them , have them threatened , destroy their reputations , say they 're lying or stalkers or a little mentally unhinged , having delusions of grandeur as if being fucked or mauled or harassed by him was something one dreamed of ....	24	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
“ She ’s removed from you , ” said undecided voter Barbara Kass , a retired airline employee who is now a part - time tour guide .	15	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The court made the announcement in light of a land grabbing case filed by a group of Cambodians .	9	transaction.transaction.n/a
Upon arrest , the man collapsed and was hospitalized , officials said .	1	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Rumors on Reddit and Twitter said the numbers triggered a so - called “ dead man ’s switch , ” which could be enacted in case Assange did die .	23	government.legislate.legislate
Beatings with metal bars and cables were followed by so - called “ security checks ” , during which women in particular were subjected to rape and sexual assault by male guards .	28	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Russian government has hit out at authorities in Berlin for allowing a music festival to be staged near a burial site for Soviet soldiers .	20	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
“ Terrorists are trying to prevent the population from fleeing the eastern part of the city of Aleppo the best they can , threatening to shoot civilians or publicly execute them .	29	life.die.n/a
Costa Rica ’s foreign minister , Manuel González , said that tanks and weapons of war were ill - suited to the problems Central America faces : poverty , organized crime , human trafficking and drug trafficking .	33	movement.transportperson.n/a
Koum grew up in the Ukraine under Soviet rule before immigrating to the US as a teenager , so he has some intimate familiarity with the challenges of maintaining privacy in the face of an intrusive government .	10	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
" I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record . "	7	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Schloss wrote in Newsweek about the Syrian refugee crisis , noting the theme of this year 's Holocaust Memorial Day is " Do n't stand by . "	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Unsurprisingly , Tribe donated to Bill Clinton 's 1992 presidential campaign .	3	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Mr. Obama said he was driven to go public by the fact that North Korea was trying to suppress free speech and intimidate Americans with threats if they went to the theater .	22	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Germany on Wednesday warned Russia against " exploiting " a murky case involving the alleged rape of a German - Russian teenager in Berlin after Moscow hinted at an official cover - up .	15	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
According to the Global Terrorism Index , fatalities caused by terrorism increased from 3,361 in 2000 , to 11,133 in 2012 , to 18,111 in 2013 , to 32,658 in 2014 .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Last month , scandal erupted over the development , called Trump Towers Pune , after the state government and local police started looking into discrepancies in the land records suggesting that the land on which the building was constructed may not have been legally obtained by Panchshil .	38	manufacture.artifact.build
That marked an increase of support for striking Assad compared with the last time such options were considered .	7	conflict.attack.bombing
A left - wing legal group , the National Union of People 's Lawyers , condemned the police violence and said it would help the injured and detained protesters file criminal complaints against the police for violating their constitutional rights to free assembly .	25	life.injure.n/a
As part of the investigation , the FBI on Oct. 12 seized four servers used within the secretary ’s office by Mrs. Clinton and her aides .	11	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Despite possessing all the hallmarks of a treaty that should be submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent , the administration insists that the Paris Agreement is an executive agreement .	27	government.agreements.n/a
Accusing Putin of single - handedly empowering Trump via surreptitious meddling not only poisons the well for future U.S.-Russia relations under a prospective Clinton administration , it makes catastrophic military conflict between the two nations far more likely .	30	conflict.attack.n/a
And she 's now refusing to shut the site down , despite a court injunction and a lawsuit from Elsevier , one of the world 's biggest publishers .	14	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
" He 's not a war hero , " Trump said in July 2015 about Sen. John McCain , who was imprisoned and tortured for more than five years in a North Vietnamese prison .	21	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
The claim of responsibility , which came 36 hours after the attack , will increase pressure on French authorities investigating the massacre .	21	life.die.n/a
… This is especially true at a time when Israel faces brutal terrorist stabbings , shootings and vehicle attacks at home .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
Baraka has called President Obama an " Uncle Tom " and contributed an essay to the conspiracy theorist tome Another False Flag , edited by Holocaust denier and 9/11 truther Kevin Barrett that features pieces arguing , among other things , that the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino never happened .	25	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ Cuba , like the United States , was built in part by slaves brought from Africa . ”	9	manufacture.artifact.build
Yevgeny Yerofeyev ( R ) , a Russian soldier arrested last May on terrorism charges related to the separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine , talks to his lawyer Yuriy Grabovsky from a glass - walled cage as he attends a court hearing in Kiev , Ukraine , November 17 , 2015 .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Naomi Klein documented that neoliberals advocated the use of crises to impose unpopular policies while people were distracted .	8	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
He complained to Laura that he was often paid late , and sometimes not at all .	8	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Members of Ukraine 's state security service detain a French citizen who had been planning attacks in France to coincide with the Euro 2016 football championship it is hosting , on the Ukrainian - Polish border in Volyn region , Ukraine , in this undated photo released by ... REUTERS	7	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
" There are a lot of generals and colonels that were detained but those who want to set the Turkish people and the Turkish military against each other , let us not fall prey to their plot . "	11	movement.transportperson.preventexit
What this have do with fun Cyber Weapons Auction ?	8	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
All of these efforts — in Ukraine , in Syria — are accompanied by a newly sophisticated disinformation campaign , primarily targeted at Europe , in order to undermine European support of anti - Russian sanctions .	35	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Workers inspect and clear debris after the Grand National Assembly of Turkey was bombed by rebel jets , on Saturday in Ankara	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Edward Marks , the Ronald Reagan administration ’s ambassador to Cape Verde and Guinea - Bissau , said , “ I am very upset by the fact that Trump as a candidate has formally said he will use torture [ and ] .	38	life.injure.n/a
There is also a batch of heavily redacted emails indicating communications between senior officials in Denmark ’s police , Foreign Ministry and Justice Ministry , including Anders Herping Nielsen , a chief consultant of the Justice Ministry ’s international office and its former deputy head , whose responsibility it is to decide on the extradition of people for trial in other countries .	58	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Turkey has denied permitting oil smuggling by the Islamist militant group , which holds swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq .	5	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Earlier , party chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned her position and , after being booed at a pre - convention appearance last week in Philadelphia , chose not to speak from the convention stage .	7	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The leak prompted Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - FL ) to resign as committee chairwoman .	13	personnel.endposition.n/a
Heather Mac Donald has noted that as the stop - and - frisk practice came to a halt in New York City , " homicides rose 20 percent " in 2015 and " gun crime was experiencing its first two - year consecutive increase in nearly two decades . "	24	life.die.n/a
“ We all know the tools Donald Trump brings to the table : bragging , mocking , composing nasty tweets , ” she said in her California speech on the Republican ’s qualifications in global statecraft .	17	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
-- Lewandowski himself , however , painted a rosy portrait of the campaign during several surreal TV interviews after he was escorted out of Trump Tower , denying the campaign was beset by internal skirmishes and refusing to criticize Trump .	34	conflict.attack.n/a
The Youth Law entitles children to have a parent present during their interrogations , except in cases of alleged “ security offenses . ” The Youth Law also requires officials to conduct interrogations during the day , to conduct proceedings in a language the child understands , and to take into consideration the well - being of the child in determining whether arrest is absolutely necessary .	39	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
It was the first time she was pressed by a debate moderator about risks the controversial policy would pose .	10	contact.negotiate.meet
The story then goes on to detail how she ’s been blackmailed into sanctions with Russia by the Edward Snowden ’s NSA leaks .	11	contact.threatencoerce.meet
The DOJ said the pull - back was required by the Supreme Court ’s 2013 ruling in Shelby County v. Holder , which significantly weakened the Voting Rights Act , though some voting rights advocates have called that an unnecessarily conservative reading of the ruling .	26	government.vote.violationspreventvote
In addition , Bloomberg News has reported that Trump Organization executives may have also violated the Cuban embargo by scouting out a possible investment in a golf course near Havana in late 2012 or early 2013 .	17	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
When the Joker started decapitating American citizens , the president abandoned his policy of non - intervention in Syria .	4	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Lavrov noted the " refusal by an array of illegal armed groups to join the cease - fire , " and Washington 's obligation to " separate units of the moderate opposition from terrorist groupings , " according to a Foreign Ministry statement . Under the cease - fire agreement , the U.S. and Russia would work together to target the Fatah al - Sham Front , as well as IS , while Assad 's forces refrain from striking opposition - held areas . But Washington has warned Russia that unless aid is delivered to Aleppo , it will not move ahead with the formation of the joint coordination center . The U.N. has accused Assad 's government of obstructing aid access to the contested city .	119	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
The president pointed out that Russia and China never imposed conditions for their investments , as opposed to the United States that offered loans in exchange for privatization of Bolivian companies and natural resources .	23	transaction.transferownership.n/a
But it vowed to continue targeting the jihadist groups Islamic State ( IS ) and al - Nusra Front , which are excluded from the truce .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
It also helps to understand the way her burial was conducted in a style similar - but different - to royalty .	8	contact.funeralvigil.meet
" We are not in a position to determine whether these were in fact airstrikes .	14	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
ISIS sets up temporary roadblocks .	4	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
While it is not possible to independently assess the credibility of Saif 's offer , his father did follow through on a 2003 pledge to come clean on Libya 's weapons of mass destruction program , after the U.S. invaded Iraq , and Qaddafi met with then - deputy director of the CIA Steve Kappes .	23	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Understood one way , the Saudi king is CEO of a family business that converts oil into payoffs that buy political loyalty .	19	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Erdogan 's meeting with Putin coincides with renewed strains in Ankara 's ties with the West after a failed military coup in Turkey in which more than 230 people were killed .	20	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
It ’s not only disturbing the things Snowden revealed in the last few years , but also the lengths that various levels of power have gone to to protect power and deceive the people .	31	contact.prevarication.correspondence
“ We believe that a ban treaty could help contribute to a robust international framework to which the nuclear weapon states could eventually accede , ” he said .	6	government.agreements.n/a
From Loveday Morris : " Military officials and witnesses said the ' vast majority ' of people in more than half a dozen villages were forced to walk north toward the city as the army advanced from the south , and that those who refused were shot .	27	movement.transportperson.n/a
Mr Dibo says the Kurds simply want a decentralised federal system giving them autonomy while the government is a “ traditional dictatorship ” that has carried out dozens of massacres .	29	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
He 's urging supporters to choose " answers over anger . "	2	contact.commandorder.n/a
The editor - in - chief of Newsweek confirmed Friday that the magazine ’s website was on the receiving end of a denial - of - service attack Thursday night , following the publication of a story accusing one of Donald Trump ’s companies of violating the Cuban trade embargo .	49	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
In a statement on Wednesday , judges said there was reason to believe crimes against humanity , including murder and the driving of Georgians from their homes , had been committed during the conflict , as well as war crimes including attacks on peacekeepers by Russian - backed South Ossetian and by Georgian forces .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The consulate suggested that those caught in this situation apply for a visa to visit Russia as American citizens instead .	2	contact.requestadvise.meet
He admires authoritarianism because it establishes “ strong control over a country . ” He advocates retributive torture and the targeting of innocent family members of terrorists .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The contrast between the copious evidence – some of it self - admitted – of Secretary Clinton ’s demonstrable infractions , on the one hand , and the very sketchy , circumstantial evidence used to convict and imprison Jeffrey Sterling , on the other , lend weight to the suspicion that there is one law for the rich and powerful in the United States and another for the rest of us .	35	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Trump has portrayed as it as an Obama authored American capitulation to the Islamic Republic .	10	conflict.yield.surrender
At a G7 summit last year , Obama offered perhaps his most pointed criticism of Putin , saying the leader has a choice to make : " Does he continue to wreck his country 's economy and continue Russia 's isolation in pursuit of a wrong - headed desire to recreate the glories of the Soviet Empire ?	31	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
“ That suggests that there is a capacity for healing in the American spirit .	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Yes , DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned over the scandal , but a fuller accounting is required — and so is reforming the rules governing the party ’s primary elections .	7	personnel.endposition.n/a
" Free Speech Zones " confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes	9	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
“ Just think about this : Do we really want to be a country where foreign leaders or foreign intelligence agencies can blackmail our elected officials and say to them that unless you do what we want you to do , we ’re gon na release emails from your campaign manager , your wife , your daughter , your son , and we ’re gon na embarrass you .	22	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Billionaire Sergey Galitskiy ’s retailer , which operates almost 13,000 outlets in Russia , said the average purchase has fallen for the first time since it began disclosing the figures a decade ago , dropping 1.5 percent in the first half of 2016 from a year earlier .	17	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
" Our intention is to secure the strongest possible ( U.N. Security Council ) resolution that includes new sanctions as quickly as possible , " Kim told a news briefing after meeting his South Korean counterpart .	18	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
military combat vehicles paraded Wednesday through an Estonian city that juts into Russia , a symbolic act that highlighted the stakes for both sides amid the worst tensions between the West and Russia since the Cold War . ” Shortly before , a Russian warplane came within seconds of colliding with a Danish civilian airliner .	49	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Now at a global consulting firm , Sherman advises Clinton ’s campaign and oversaw the Democratic Party platform ’s foreign policy language for the Clinton team .	8	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Mr. Obama often says the world of cyberconflict is still “ the Wild West . ” There are no treaties , no international laws , just a patchwork set of emerging “ norms ” of what constitutes acceptable behavior .	19	government.agreements.n/a
The new Defence Minister is one of Israel 's most polarising politicians , being famous for making wild threats like bombing Egypt and assassinating Hamas 's political leader in Gaza .	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
( Marina Lopes and Dom Phillips ) North Korea 's Kim Jong - un executed his deputy premier of education and sent other top aides to re - education camps .	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
No one pointed out that Britain might just as easily ban President Barack Obama on the grounds that his administration has deported record numbers of illegal immigrants , or that UK citizens have been denied entry to the United States apparently on the basis that they are Muslim .	34	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
The intelligence information was corroborated by reports from Russian pilots flying their fighter jets over Lebanon and Syria . The Russian air force anti - missile radars were able to detect SA-22 systems stashed in regions of Lebanon that are under the control of the Shi’ite militia . During his speech before the United Nations General Assembly this past fall , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu revealed a number of new details regarding Hezbollah ’s re - stocking of its weapons arsenal with the help of Iran and Syria . The premier said that Hezbollah had managed to smuggle advanced SA-22 missiles into Lebanon as well as Yakhont surface - to - sea precision missiles . Foreign media reports from April of last year indicate that Israel ’s air force attacked Hezbollah bases in Lebanon that were outfitted with SA-22.The Israeli military is hardly concerned about the older SA-5 model surface - to - air missile that is currently rusting in Hezbollah ’s stockpiles , for these are considered unreliable and ineffective . SA-22 missiles , however , could pose a threat to Israeli fighter jets who enjoy relative freedom of operation in the skies over Lebanon . The senior source told the Kuwaiti newspaper that the Kremlin has been adamant that Iran withdraw its forces backing President Bashar Assad from Syria . According to the report , Moscow has told the Iranians that it has no need for their support given its interest in reaching a political settlement that would put an end to the five - year civil war in Syria . The Russians have reportedly told Iran that their interests are not identical when it comes to Syria . Russia canceled a contract to deliver the S-300 advanced anti - missile rocket system to Iran in 2010 under pressure from the West following UN sanctions imposed on Iran over its nuclear program . Tehran agreed to the deal on curbing its nuclear work in July last year and international sanctions were lifted in January .	97	movement.transportartifact.hide
He is the former information technology expert , employed by the State Department to problem shoot Mrs. Clinton ’s entail issues .	8	personnel.startposition.hiring
Digital security researchers tracking Friday ’s attacks advised against jumping to conclusions , arguing that there could be many explanations .	7	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
There has also been a wave of stabbings and attempted stabbings by Palestinians against Israeli civilians and security forces both in the West Bank and in Israel .	7	conflict.attack.stabbing
One of those towns is Madaya , where there have been reports of people starving to death .	14	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Toyota Motor Corp halted production at three plants which produced vehicles , engines and trans - axles in Fukuoka .	9	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Since Duterte was elected , more than 1,900 people have died , including at least 700 in police operations that were part of the President 's hard - line war on drugs .	10	life.die.n/a
For a man who claims to be for the working stiff , not only does he routinely stiff the small business owners he hires ―- because he can ―- he also hires very few American workers , rather he manipulates the H1B visa law to hire foreign workers to wait tables and manage his few domestic resorts still in operation while he ships all of his manufacturing to foreign countries like Mexico and China .	31	personnel.startposition.hiring
Faaborg - Andersen said the EU would continue to provide aid to the Palestinians in Area C , despite the tension it generates with Jerusalem .	9	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Instead , he called the CIA , gave his name and Social Security number , professed his love of America , and said he wanted to expose these criminals .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
-- The Post ’s Fact Checker gives Sen. Chris Murphy ( D - Conn . ) three Pinocchios for his claim that states with “ reasonable ” firearm limitations have less gun crimes and homicides : The data Murphy was referring to ( a 2013 National Journal chart ) calculates the number of gun - related deaths by including all gun deaths , including homicides , suicides , accidental gun deaths and legal intervention involving firearms , Glenn Kessler explains .	34	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders wants to ban fracking nationwide , and in a recent CNN debate , candidate Hillary Clinton stated that “ By the time we get through all of my conditions , I do not think there will be many places in America where fracking will continue to take place . ” Bill McKibben , a leading environmental activist , not only calls for a ban on fracking but argues that “ Coal and oil and natural gas have to be left in the ground .	16	contact.discussion.n/a
Trump was widely criticised for his remarks at the debate , with many commentators saying they were evocative of “ tinpot dictators ” and authoritarian regimes where political opponents are arrested and incarcerated .	32	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The disclosure was the 11th installation in a series of leaks that have captured the workings of Clinton ’s inner circle and included excerpts of her well - compensated speeches to investment bank Goldman Sachs .	28	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
But that is precisely the privileged stances that have allowed black people to continue to be murdered and disproportionately incarcerated at the hands of an unjust government and judicial system that does not value their lives .	19	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He said : ' At around midnight , there was a short confrontation where a group of approximately 70 local youths approached a pub where England fans had congregated .	28	contact.collaborate.n/a
More than a third of poll participants , 38 percent , say either they or someone in their household has been unemployed because of layoffs or company closings during the past decade or looked for work but been unable to find a job .	24	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
So it is challenging for a number of those outside supporters to make sure that you are able to starve the terrorists , but at the same time , sustain the moderates .	19	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
It is popular with foreigners and employs foreign , English - speaking staff as well as Georgians .	6	personnel.startposition.hiring
“ In your old job [ as a federal prosecutor ] , ” he told the FBI director at a congressional hearing Thursday , “ you would prove intent by showing the jury evidence of a complex scheme that was designed for the very purpose of concealing the public record , and you would be arguing in addition to concealment the destruction that you and I just talked about , or certainly the failure to preserve .	46	movement.transportartifact.hide
But that ’s a far cry from ending “ all immigration enforcement ” and “ open borders . ” Clinton ’s campaign website says she supports “ humane , targeted immigration enforcement . ” Specifically , the website says she would “ focus enforcement resources on detaining and deporting those individuals who pose a violent threat to public safety . ”	46	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
So she 's not trying to mislead anybody . "	6	contact.prevarication.correspondence
The indictment went on to note that using his alias of Guccifer on Blumenthal ’s account , “ Lazar attempted to conceal his identity by accessing the account from a proxy server located in Russia . ”	21	movement.transportperson.hide
The tools materialized as part of an unusual electronic auction set up by a group calling itself " Shadow Brokers , " which has promised to leak more data to whoever puts in a winning bid .	9	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Gang lords , vicious people torturing people , doing horrible things to families .	5	life.injure.n/a
It shows scenes of Syrian government forces’ barrel bombs falling and exploding inside the city , interspersed with civilians – including children and the elderly – describing the sheer terror of living under such relentless attacks in a city under siege .	11	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
In addition to the State Department ’s official denunciation of the use of the Iranian base , there has been a rising tide of editorials and news articles indicting the Obama administration for failure to take more aggressive action in Syria , invoking the humanitarian crisis in Aleppo as the pretext for a stepped - up US intervention .	28	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
These omissions could come down to Clinton ’s definition of “ personal . ” Clinton and her team have claimed that the only emails that were deleted pertained to personal matters , or as she put it , “ emails about planning Chelsea ’s wedding or my mother ’s funeral arrangements , condolence notes to friends , as well as yoga routines , family vacations , the other things you typically find in inboxes . ” But the system by which this sorting took place was highly arbitrary , and was undertaken not by objective government officials but by lawyers and close aides .	49	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
The Metropolitan Police Department in Washington have not established a motive for the killing but reportedly told the young man ’s family that he died during a robbery attempt turned tragic .	27	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The official attributed the shipping error to Lockheed ’s freight forwarders , and said the US was working with Lockheed to get the device back .	9	movement.transportartifact.fall
Several people who have challenged Kadyrov 's grip on power have been killed in the past , including investigative reporter Anna Politkovskaya and rights activist Natalia Estemirova .	12	life.die.n/a
He also dismissed the idea that Boeing might have donated to causes to curry favor with the Clintons .	9	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Are you prepared to lift the cap on taxable income , which currently stands at $ 118,500 ?	9	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Hillary Clinton supported the monarch when she was secretary of state , and the US - financed Export - Import Bank gave OCP a $ 92 million loan guarantee during her tenure , the Daily Caller reported .	17	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
" The Russian Federation would carefully examine any meaningful proposal from Ukraine and believes that the commencement of legal proceedings does not preclude a constructive dialogue with a view to reaching an acceptable solution , " the statement added .	25	contact.discussion.correspondence
At the same time some Jewish groups have labeled Soros , a child survivor of the Holocaust , as anti - Israel . The Soros page on DC Leaks ’ website , in broken English , notes Soros ’ Hungarian Jewish roots .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Bill Clinton signed into law the repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act , while Hillary Clinton praised the move .	2	government.legislate.legislate
It managed to murder 130 people , with suicide bombers exploding their devices around the Stade de France during a football friendly between France and Germany .	10	conflict.attack.bombing
Since both companies have suffered grievously from the sanctions the U.S. and EU imposed against Russia over its annexation of Crimea , Page is a passionate advocate of lifting them — something Trump has said he will consider .	26	contact.requestadvise.n/a
The former first daughter will discuss the election as the race for the Oval Office narrows , life on the campaign trail and motherhood .	5	contact.discussion.correspondence
" Jake , if it were me I would have been out the door and probably in jail , " Flynn added .	17	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
The two largest industries Bernie receives money from , are those retired , and those whom are currently students .	11	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Hillary was said to have met with Alinsky several times in 1968 , when she was writing her thesis .	5	contact.discussion.n/a
What do you think about General and Secretary of State Colin Powell , whose parents immigrated from Jamaica , or former Army intelligence officer , Secretary of Defense and CIA Director Leon Panetta , whose family immigrated from Italy ?	36	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
The group operates a network to smuggle defectors away from IS .	6	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Turkey is now working on re - establishing its arms smuggling route into Syria under the guise of a ‘ secure ’ area to try and save the terrorists , and Western media is hyping its anti - Russian propaganda to new levels .	10	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Russia ’s Southern Military District did not respond to questions on whether it would be observing the exercise ; however , the U.S. Navy in Europe told Newsweek that so far “ there have been no signals , sightings , or obstruction from Russian armed forces toward the Sea Breeze participants . ”	41	movement.transportperson.prevententry
“ Well if you keep doing that , eventually you drown . ”	10	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
They also discussed increased energy cooperation , with Netanyahu assuring Putin that no legal limitations would be placed on Russian firms wanting to participate in Israeli energy projects . But the two countries remain at odds over Moscow ’s ties with Tehran including the shipment of sophisticated weaponry to Iran , a country which has pledged to annihilate the Jewish state .	44	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
The breakdown threatens a planned United Nations effort to provide aid to Syria ’s largest city , Aleppo , where upwards of 250,000 people are trapped by the hostilities .	9	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
The meeting with Poroshenko is a signal to Russian President Vladimir Putin , who has invaded Ukraine , of Clinton 's pledge to be tough on Moscow if elected .	21	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
That ’s because one of her biggest money men , George Soros , was just exposed as heavily funding groups dedicated to slurring Israel as “ racist and anti - democratic . ”	18	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
So , while the US has now entered the murky waters of the conflict in Yemen — where 14 million people lack food and thousands of civilians have been murdered — Schanzer says the US may not have done enough .	29	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The DNC brought in consultants from the private security firm CrowdStrike in April .	2	movement.transportartifact.n/a
But Louisiana also tops the world with its incarceration rate of 816 people incarcerated for every 100,000 adults in the state , according to the National Institute of Corrections .	13	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Gary Ross in an email .	4	contact.collaborate.correspondence
However , Washington said that a fresh missile test would not violate the Iran nuclear deal itself , under which Tehran agreed to restrict its atomic program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions .	11	government.agreements.violateagreement
We are not just talking about stolen nuclear material , using conventional explosives in a nuclear plant , such as smuggling in a bomb , would have catastrophic consequences . ”	20	movement.transportartifact.hide
On CNN , McCaul had said that Russian hackers had attacked both political parties in an effort to “ infuse chaos into our election system coming up in November . ”	23	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
MIKE PENCE : You essentially guaranteed that Iran will someday become a nuclear power , because there ’s no limitations once the period of time of the treaty comes off .	27	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
It is only some small comfort that the man who hijacked Egyptair flight MS181 was bluffing .	10	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
EU states imported 53 percent of their energy in 2014 .	2	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
However , Obama ’s unconventional welcome – and a series of subsequent skirmishes and quarrels between Chinese and US officials and journalists – were a reminder of the underlying tensions .	12	conflict.attack.n/a
Other items of interest include Podesta ’s Center for American Progress advising Clinton against backing a $ 15 minimum wage , coordination between the Clinton camp and journalists , and former CNN commentator Donna Brazile — now interim chair of the Democratic National Committee — emailing Clinton ’s communication manager language that later echoed a question in a CNN town hall between Clinton and Sanders .	11	contact.requestadvise.n/a
5 of 22 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE THE FINAL DAY OF THE 2016 DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION Loved ones of fallen police share fondest memories | 1:22 The loved ones of police officers who have been killed in the line of duty shared stories of their kindness at the Democratic National Convention .	39	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Chechya 's strongman leader Ramzan Kadyrov has claimed that special forces from his republic are fighting in Syria and that he has set up a spy network to target Islamic State ( Isis ) in the war - torn country .	38	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
But in recent days , tens of thousands of Syrians have fled the area around the city of Aleppo -- 100 kilometers ( 62 miles ) south of Turkey 's border -- as fighting intensifies .	11	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
As a young revolutionary he was reported dead twice by Cuba 's press -- " perishing " once when he led a failed uprising against a military barracks and again when he returned from exile by boat with a guerrilla force .	15	life.die.nonviolentdeath
GIULIANI : I believe he was legitimately elected president .	7	personnel.elect.winelection
" Hillary Clinton has turned over the only records nobody wants to see from her – the American public wants to see the 33,000 emails she deleted to obstruct an FBI investigation , " he said .	28	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
It managed to murder 130 people , with suicide bombers exploding their devices around the Stade de France during a football friendly between France and Germany .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
Hutson , a onetime Republican who also spoke at the 2008 Democratic convention , raised Trump ’s criticism of Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) getting captured in the Vietnam War — saying Trump was n’t “ fit to polish John McCain ’s boots ” — as well as noted that more than 100 Republican national security experts say they oppose the real estate mogul .	29	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Raw : UK Protesters Call on PM Cameron to Resign	9	personnel.endposition.n/a
In an interview with Al Mayadeen TV on Monday , Shaaban clarified that the weakness and disarray of the US Administration ’s positions , along with its moral degradation even in dealing with the agreements it signs , have reflected on implementing the Russian - US deal on Syria , as the Pentagon did not listen to Obama regarding the agreement , and it was undermined inside the Congress .	34	government.agreements.violateagreement
Assange proceeded unhurriedly , quoting Voltaire and referencing postmodernism as he sketched out a " romantic ideal " of history " that perhaps does n't belong to this time , but belongs to an older time , or perhaps a future time . ” He declared that WikiLeaks was entering a new operational phase in which it would recruit volunteers via Twitter to do battle against the site ’s many enemies .	58	personnel.startposition.hiring
At one point she admits she 's a bit “ out of touch ” with the struggles of middle - class families — but , if anything , that suggests encouraging self - awareness .	29	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Egyptian passenger Farah el - Dabani told the Dubai - based Al - Arabiyah TV network that the suspect was seated in the back of the aircraft and that it was the crew who told passengers that the plane was being hijacked .	41	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
When asked directly whether he has ever had a major illness or a heart attack , Trump said he has not .	10	life.injure.n/a
Interviews with children who have been detained , video footage , and reports from lawyers reveal that Israeli security forces are using unnecessary force in arresting and detaining children , in some cases beating them , and holding them in unsafe and abusive conditions .	6	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Sometimes armed groups would call them to come and collect the files after a firefight ended .	14	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In Belgium , the country with the highest average rate of income tax and employees ' social security contributions , citizens pay 42 % .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
A number of Russia supporters appeared to kick and punch fleeing England fans , who were forced to clamber over fencing to escape .	10	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
“ We have a city that is trying to help a developer build $ 200,000 luxury waterfront condominiums with pools , and health clubs , and boutiques , and all sorts of upper - middle - class junk five blocks from an area where people are literally not eating in order to pay their rent and fuel bills , ” Sanders said .	54	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Both candidates will get them , ” retired Gen. Michael Hayden , former director of the CIA and NSA , told MSNBC recently .	7	personnel.endposition.n/a
Sanders stood on the floor to officially proclaim his former rival the party nominee .	7	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Garcetti and other local elected officials are campaigning for a tax measure that would continue to fund the buildout of the city ’s rail and bus system begun under Villaraigosa .	4	personnel.elect.winelection
In his final speech at the Republican National Convention last month , Trump bemoaned the “ violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities ” but , true to form , laid the blame on hordes of “ illegal immigrants … roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens ” ; “ brutal Islamic terrorism ” ; and the enabling of a Democratic president whom Trump has previously and unsubtly intimated is n’t really American himself .	43	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
None of the stabbing victims died .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
Republican elected officials abandon Trump as he vows not to quit the race	7	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
A French hooligan hurled a bottle at the England fans sitting in a bar as violence continued in the city - the Three Lions play tonight	3	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The U.N. treaty to ban discrimination against the disabled fell five votes short in the Senate in 2012 .	11	government.vote.castvote
He recited Moscow ’s changing narrative over a deadly attack this week on an aid convoy that has included everything from claims of a justifiable counterterror strike to vehicles spontaneously combusting .	9	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
They also said many British voters were revolting against a bureaucracy in Brussels that they regarded as bloated , overpaid and prone to interfering in the affairs of sovereign countries .	19	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Liberals cheer when Sanders says he does n’t want to kick Muslims out of the US , but they turn a blind eye to the fact that he wants Muslims in the Middle East to bomb and shoot each other .	37	life.die.n/a
In Rome , you either burned incense to Caesar , or you were executed .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The treaty compels each member nation to respond in support of another member nation when they are attacked .	1	government.agreements.n/a
With Trump sucking wind and rapidly drawing down his line of credit , he turned again to Daddy , who in 1980 agreed to lend him $ 7.5 million .	24	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The worst strikes were in Idlib , where at least 61 people were killed and more than 100 wounded in an attack that targeted a crowded market , an activist who witnessed the bombing and its aftermath told CNN .	18	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Western media blame Russia sometimes bizarrely for various incidents , including the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in 2014 to the vandalizing of a Swedish TV mast last month .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
One element of the program is a highway through some of the world ’s tallest mountains to the new Chinese - developed port of Gwadar in Pakistan , which will protect oil shipments from potential U.S. interference .	32	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
KELLY : Right after the Paris attacks , you gave a speech in which you called for an end to " hand - wringing , " your word , over government spying .	6	conflict.attack.n/a
20/21 FIFA Corruption Scandal Fifa , football 's world governing body , has been engulfed by claims of widespread corruption since the summer of 2015 , when the US Department of Justice indicted several top executives .	32	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
As Secretary of State , she supported the military coup in Honduras that created the violence these refugees are fleeing .	19	movement.transportperson.n/a
The decade 's highest total came in 2011 , with 73 officers shot dead .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In Haiti — where tens of thousands of people still live in tents after losing their homes in the 2010 earthquake that killed more than 200,000 , and where thousands more died in a subsequent cholera epidemic blamed on U.N. peacekeepers — Hurricane Matthew battered coastal shantytowns as it came ashore .	44	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
She did n’t appear to be dehydrated and that does n’t get fixed in 90 minutes . ”	6	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
if it ’s stronger , it ’s better , ” said Marius Shpaner , a 68-year - old retired engineer who moved here in 1990 .	18	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Russia initially said that the strike was a necessary response to an alleged offensive by an al - Qaeda - linked terror group , Kerry said .	5	life.injure.n/a
Congress has passed many laws since 1924 that direct the executive branch and its immigration enforcement agencies like the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) and its predecessor , the Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) , to deport people found to be here illegally .	19	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
The procession of arms purchases and handouts has continued to this day , with others involved , including Iran to its allies in Iraq and various donors to Kurdish fighters .	4	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Trump proposes to “ mend ” relations with China by standing up to them and forcing them to respect us as equals , after they have supplied unilateral concessions to us .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
The court 's decision was sparked by a case filed by a group of Cambodians who alleged that authorities , including the government , military , police and the courts , have been complicit in land grabbing since 2002 , which has led to the forced eviction of more than 300,000 people .	35	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
During the past two weeks , thousands of military officers and soldiers have been arrested , scores of judges detained and dozens of media organizations shut down .	19	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Overton suspects that this hides many smaller purchases .	7	transaction.transferownership.purchase
This time around it looks like both the Democrats and the Republicans obstructed access to the ballot box .	12	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
I will -- I will gladly lend you my copy .	6	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
The Obama administration has publicly accused Russia of using hacked emails to try to influence the election .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Less than four years earlier , Trump had picked up the property at a bankruptcy auction for $ 41 million — meaning he made quite a tidy profit .	15	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Getting Assad 's government and rebel groups to comply with the deal may now be more difficult as fighting rages around Aleppo , Syria 's most populous city and the new focus of a war that has killed as many as 500,000 people .	37	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Nancy Isenberg , Louisiana State University historian and author of White Trash : Part of the problem is the way the media has constructed Trump ’s following .	23	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Israel has refused to comment on airstrikes it has previously launched inside Syria .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But , for reasons I ’ll go on to explain , he has already discharged his historical mission ; his work is done .	14	personnel.endposition.n/a
Second generation Americans supported the proposed ban by a 27-point margin ( 59 percent to 32 percent ) and third generation Americans backed it 55 percent to 34 percent .	5	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Putin said Roldugin spent “ almost all the money he earned on acquiring musical instruments from abroad and bringing them to Russia , ” Tass reported .	12	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Two suicide bombers carrying homemade bombs in large suitcases attacked a departure hall at Brussels Airport in Zaventem .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
" In total , these attacks killed over 1,800 people and wounded nearly 4,000 . "	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Most modern carriers fling their fighter jets skyward with a kind of catapult , allowing them to carry a full contingent of fuel and weapons .	3	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
The strike came following a failed ceasefire in the embattled country , which was ultimately derailed after being violated multiple times by US - backed militant groups , the US , and Israel .	6	government.agreements.violateagreement
According to al - Jazeera , the Syrian ceasefire applies to all of Syria , with Russia carving out certain caveats , such as retaining the ability to strike groups like the Islamic State and al - Nusra , which have been ruled terrorist organizations by the United Nations .	8	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The South American nation has grappled with blackouts for years , including one that took Mr Maduro himself by surprise as he delivered a national address on live television .	25	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
The DOJ said the pull - back was required by the Supreme Court ’s 2013 ruling in Shelby County v. Holder , which significantly weakened the Voting Rights Act , though some voting rights advocates have called that an unnecessarily conservative reading of the ruling .	34	contact.requestadvise.meet
The DNC email hack forced former committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign .	12	personnel.endposition.quitretire
There ’s been a fivefold increase in terrorism fatalities since 9/11 , and our foreign policy has made the world , and America , less safe .	8	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ The oath of allegiance is not an oath of secrecy , ” he told Bart Gellman .	8	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Concerned about a possible backlash , Russia 's Muslim leaders urged against linking the incident with Islam , the TASS news agency reported .	10	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The government , based in the Marshall Islands capital of Majuro , said by not stopping the nuclear arms race , the countries continued to breach their obligations under the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) – even if the treaty has not been signed by countries such as India and Pakistan .	42	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
This time around it looks like both the Democrats and the Republicans obstructed access to the ballot box .	12	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Trump , meanwhile , has repeatedly professed admiration for Putin and called into question whether he would honor the United States ’ mutual defense obligations to NATO allies should they face Russian invasion .	6	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The group " will leave Geneva tomorrow ( Thursday ) and will not return until humanitarian demands are met or ( we ) see something on the ground , " Hijab told reporters .	18	contact.collaborate.n/a
RELATED STORIES ' CUBS OF THE CALIPHATE ' ISIS release shocking footage of child soldiers executing Taliban captives accused of spying BAGHDAD BOMBINGS At least 125 dead and 150 injured after ISIS car blast at shopping centre cages of death Chilling images reveal the hellhole prisons where ISIS captives were BURNED ALIVE as the jihadis fled Fallujah GOTCHA SAS soldiers shoot and kill three British ISIS extremists during 30 minute gun battle in Libya HOSTAGE DRAMA ISIS release gloating pictures of Bangladesh terror siege victims as its revealed all 20 killed were foreigners FREED TO KILL ISIS mastermind of Istanbul massacre ' dodged extradition to Russia because it breached HUMAN RIGHTS '	100	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Residents inspect a shop at a site hit by airstrikes , in the rebel - held area of Aleppo 's Bustan al - Qasr , Syria April 29 , 2016 .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Here Trump has stumbled on the dirty little secret of the post - World War II security architecture so beloved by our elites : for the privilege of paying for their defense , and in effect militarily occupying our allies - cum - satellites , we allow them to flood our markets with tariff - free goods , while they wall off their markets with trade barriers and subsidies .	3	movement.transportperson.n/a
Update 1:29 p.m. : World Net daily published an article back in 1998 titled “ Federal Land Grab Called ‘ Political ’ . ” In the article , the author points out how Utah Republican Jame Hansen authored a bill at the time known as the “ Utah Schools and Lands Exchange Act of 1998 . ”	16	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Trump went on to say he has no outstanding loans with Russian banks or Russian investors .	9	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
" He has always advocated for land grabs and the expanding of settlements , " Mr Dajani said .	6	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
For the next 11 years , he shuttled between Geneva and far - flung smallpox hot spots — obtaining funding , coordinating with nations including the Soviet Union amid Cold War tensions , and inspiring heroics from the tens of thousands of field workers who ventured into countries racked by deprivation , natural disaster , political instability and war .	58	conflict.attack.n/a
Moscow said it was acting on the will of the Crimean people , who voted to join Russia , but Western governments say it was an illegal land grab .	27	transaction.transaction.n/a
Yet Spencer found little in Nietzsche about the organization of the state ; it was only after entering the humanities master ’s program at the University of Chicago that he discovered Jared Taylor , a self - proclaimed “ race realist ” who argues that blacks and Hispanics are a genetic drag on Western society .	37	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
In previous attacks using it , security cameras and DVRs in homes and offices around the world have been used .	2	conflict.attack.n/a
U.S. officials questioned Russian and Syrian claims that their aim in evacuating civilians from Aleppo was to clear the way for humanitarian assistance to reach the besieged city , where 200,000 - 300,000 civilians remain with only two to three weeks of food on hand .	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
In another twist , on Sunday night The New York Times revealed Ukraine anti - corruption investigators have discovered a ledger that suggests the ousted pro - Russian administration of Viktor Yanukovych , who Manafort worked for in 2010 , directed to him payments of $ US12.7 million .	24	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Although Manafort is out , his longtime deputy , Rick Gates , will take over as the Trump campaign 's liaison to the Republican National Committee , senior communications adviser Jason Miller tweeted Friday afternoon .	13	government.formation.n/a
In the footage the group vowed to fight “ foreign forces ” in the country and also take revenge for the death of their assassinated leader .	24	life.die.n/a
Hand - written ledgers show $ 12.7 million in cash payments designated for Donald Trump ’s campaign manager Paul Manafort back when he consulted for Ukraine ’s pro - Russian political party , according to a report .	10	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The pair - Yevgeny Yerofeyev and Alexander Alexandrov - were captured in eastern Ukraine last May.	10	movement.transportperson.n/a
4/10 Hungary Sealing off its borders to thousands of refugees in dire need ; and obstructing collective regional attempts to help them .	15	movement.transportperson.prevententry
" For more than a week , we have urged Moscow to fulfill the commitments it made in Geneva to facilitate the unimpeded flow of humanitarian aid to the Syrian people , " the department said in a statement .	9	contact.commandorder.correspondence
") , before you retweet a bogus meme claiming 81 percent of white homicide victims were killed by blacks ( the real number is 15 percent ) , before you mimic people with neurological disorders , and before you suggest that gun enthusiasts might take a shot at your opponent .	13	life.die.n/a
It was the last stop on his six - day tour of Mexico , where he highlighted corruption , violence and drug - trafficking .	23	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Trump was accompanied to the meeting , which took place at The Post 's new headquarters , by his campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , and spokeswoman , Hope Hicks .	5	contact.collaborate.n/a
It is this threat that Russia is fighting now , Assad said , praising Moscow for its fight against terrorism while demanding nothing in return .	21	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Now , for the last debate of the campaign , the Trump campaign trotted out the president 's crank of a half - brother , who actually is from Kenya ; the angry mother of a man killed during the firefight in Benghazi ; and Deney Williams , whose paternity claim against the former president was settled rather definitively by a DNA test in 1999 .	40	conflict.attack.n/a
( Matt Bonesteel ) A federal judge in Texas issued a nationwide injunction to block Obama ’s transgender bathroom policy , temporarily barring the policy from taking effect just as the public school year begins .	12	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
American hostage Kayla Mueller was tortured , verbally abused , forced into slave labor for ISIS commanders in Syria and raped by the group 's top leader , but her fellow hostages say she never surrendered hope , she selflessly put the welfare of fellow captives above her own and she even stood up to executioner " Jihadi John " to defend her Christian faith .	5	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Despite being urged by many of his supporters to keep fighting during the Florida recount in 2000 , Vice President Al Gore conceded the election to Governor George W. Bush in the interest of national unity , stating that , “ [ T]onight , for the sake of our unity as a people and the strength of our democracy , I offer my concession . ”	2	contact.requestadvise.meet
“ This video conveys the sheer terror experienced by besieged civilians coming under relentless pummelling by the Syrian government ’s barrel bombs .	21	conflict.attack.bombing
" If we needed to be preached to , we would go to a church , " said Churkin , who is chairing the UN council this month .	6	contact.mediastatement.n/a
Blumenthal ’s confidential missives to Secretary Clinton included an assurance from one unnamed source that “ the investigation of the murder of the United States ambassador ” was one of many efforts “ related to what he sees as his most important role — rebuilding the confidence of the international business community in its ability to operate in Libya safely and efficiently . ”	20	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
THEY called it Willie Pete during WWI and WWII but the innocent name conceals a far more sinister reality .	13	movement.transportperson.hide
On or about March 31 , Lazar was extradited 3,700 miles to Alexandria from a prison in Arad , Romania , where he has been serving a seven - year sentence for hacking crimes committed in his native country .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
“ Extremist groups flourished in the Sinai , where they recruited disaffected Bedouin tribes , which had long resented what they perceived to be neglect and marginalization at the hands of the Egyptian government , ” he said .	10	personnel.startposition.n/a
Suddenly , one charged at a Russian cameraman with a roar and a crash , 180 pounds of sleek muscle colliding with an increasingly flimsy - looking chain - link fence .	20	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
On Saturday morning , as an estimated 100 journalists and photographers gathered at the Equestrian Centre 's media room , a stray bullet pierced the roof and landed within metres of British photographer Jon Stroud .	23	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
29/42 Ronnie Corbett British entertainer Ronnie Corbett has passed away on 31 March at the age of 85 2014 Getty Images	8	life.die.n/a
" I was always showing that I want to cooperate … like two years [ ago ] when I met with the American authorities , ” he said , adding that he showed he wanted to “ cooperate and talk to the FBI agents ” during the plane journey to the U.S. when he was extradited .	55	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
“ And that is you ’ve got millions of young people , many of whom took out loans in order to go to college , hoping to go out and get decent - paying , good jobs and you know what ?	17	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
JP Sottile is a freelance journalist , radio co - host , documentary filmmaker and former broadcast news producer in Washington , D.C.	16	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Assange had professed for months to rain the internal cables down on Clinton and President Obama .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
When ISIS - linked terrorists decapitated their American captive James Foley and released the video on the internet , Obama went golfing .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ As a result , Daesh barbarians , like other criminal regimes , have increased other forms of trafficking .	18	movement.transportperson.n/a
The budget will also reportedly fund the procurement of materials for the new submarines that take a long time to acquire , with funding of the first full new submarine to follow in fiscal years 2021 .	20	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Soviet war memorials have fallen into disrepair and been regularly vandalized in Poland , where the Soviet role in World War II is viewed with ambiguity or outright hostility .	10	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
U.N. aid chief Stephen O'Brien said initial reports indicated many people had been killed or seriously wounded , including SARC volunteers , and that if the " callous attack " was found to be deliberate it amount to a war crime .	28	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
“ You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes , blood coming out of her wherever . ” August 7 , 2015 , CNN interview about Megyn Kelly , one of Fox News’ moderators in the first Republican debate .	41	contact.discussion.meet
If you were blackmailed or extorted by the Bush or Clinton families , you only need to swear to it under oath and most all Americans can forgive and forget .	3	contact.threatencoerce.meet
United in grief : Parents of victims embrace each other near the scene of a truck attack in Nice where more than 80 were killed	16	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Four Americans were killed on Sept. 11 , 2012 , when Islamic militants attacked the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi .	13	life.injure.n/a
" The last time we met was at the funeral of Boris Nemtsov , and of course I could n't have known that a similar thing would happen to Pavel , " Anatoly Lebedko , leader of the Belarussian opposition party United Civil Party , told Reuters .	9	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
With its nuclear deal and recent lifting of sanctions , Tehran “ has escaped international isolation ” and become a “ central player ” in Syria , he continued .	13	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
-- Trump “ loaned ” his campaign more than $ 11.5 million and gave an additional $ 35,000 .	3	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The tiny creatures are believed to be the ancestors of modern Vampyrellidae amoebae , and punctured holes in their prey before sucking out the contents of their cells Susannah Porter	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Russia has announced the details of a new shipment of arms it is sending to Armenia , a relatively rare move likely connected with Russia 's ongoing tension with Turkey .	8	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
If Clinton is indeed serious about what she says and the United States and its allies imposed a no - fly zone effectively , the move might save the lives of tens of thousands of Syrian civilians and create a new environment for reaching a diplomatic solution .	38	manufacture.artifact.n/a
" Only arms embargoes , negotiations and diplomacy have any chance to end this crisis , " she said .	3	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
“ The temperament is not that different . ” Decades later , Trump has praised Putin as a forceful leader , a “ better leader ” than Barack Obama ; Putin hardly conceals his hope that Trump will win election to the White House .	38	personnel.elect.n/a
" Only arms embargoes , negotiations and diplomacy have any chance to end this crisis , " she said .	3	transaction.transaction.n/a
He asked Clinton about the death penalty .	5	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Even the militia leaders of self - proclaimed Donetsk and Luhansk republics showed up .	7	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
SO THIS is how it was to end : a septuagenarian con - man flanked by four victims of sexual assault , real or alleged , trying to intimidate his opponent by dredging up old accusations against her husband , Bill Clinton .	28	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
MOSCOW A fire ripped through a Russian Defence Ministry building in central Moscow on Sunday , sending plumes of smoke over the Russian capital as fire fighters battled to extinguish the blaze .	31	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
The last Republican presidential candidate who did n't release his tax returns to the public was Ford , who never once won election to the executive branch .	21	personnel.elect.n/a
The London Center for Policy Research has published The Encyclopedia of Militant Islam , a directory of 44 Muslim terrorist armies and their leaders , funding , locations and objectives .	25	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
In the build - up to the games , three members of the Spanish Olympics sailing team and an Australian paralympian were robbed at gunpoint .	22	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
In 2013 , the list included an allegation of child abduction by a Pakistani official and another of domestic rape by a diplomat from Zambia .	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Russian soldiers , who according to Ukraine 's state security service ( SBU ) are named Alexander Alexandrov ( R ) and Yevgeny Yerofeyev , and were detained on May 16 by Ukrainian forces , look on from a defendants ' cage as they attend a court hearing in Kiev , Ukraine , September 29 , 2015 .	27	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The letter also said " smuggling explosives and industrial chemicals to terrorist groups operating in Syria is also usually organized from Turkish territory " through the border crossings .	5	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
The breakdown threatens a planned United Nations effort to provide aid to Syria ’s largest city , Aleppo , where upwards of 250,000 people are trapped by the hostilities .	9	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
In June at a rally in San Diego , Trump said of his opponent : “ Hillary Clinton has to go to jail .	22	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
He has n't learned the most basic facts about how the world operates ; he suggested abandoning NATO allies and had no idea Russia had invaded Ukraine .	25	conflict.attack.invade
Nevertheless , Trump said that the correct response to attacks like the one in Orlando is to ban Muslims from visiting or immigrating ( Trump regularly confuses these two ideas ) to the United States .	22	movement.transportperson.n/a
" When you buy an app from Google Play or the App Store anywhere in Europe , VAT is charged at the place of payment , but not here in our banana republic , " Klimenko frustratingly explained in statements originally relayed by Bloomberg .	24	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Guindon had taken her oath of office the day earlier .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The sunny and mountainous Black Sea peninsula is back in the news , with Russian President Vladimir Putin accusing Kiev of sending infiltrators across the border to wreck its industry .	18	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
By this absurd decision , UNESCO has lost what little legitimacy it had left , ” Netanyahu added . The senior US official said the vote showed that the US , which withdrew its funding from UNESCO in 2011 in response to acceptance of Palestine as a state , must become more involved in the organization . “The recurring highly politicized use of the UNESCO executive board meetings only further underscores the urgent need for the United States to restore its leadership at UNESCO , which has been considerably undercut since the United States ceased funding UNESCO in 2011.”“We will continue to explore with Congress options for resuming payment of our dues , which will allow the United States to play a full role in this organization going forward and advance UNESCO ’s work on issues like Holocaust education and countering terrorist narratives . ”The votes broke out in this way . Those who supported the motion included Algeria , Bangladesh , Brazil , Chad , China , Dominican Republic , Egypt , Iran , Lebanon , Malaysia , Mauritania , Mexico , Morocco , Mozambique , Nicaragua , Nigeria , Oman , Pakistan , Qatar , Russia , Senegal , South Africa , Sudan and Vietnam . Nations that abstained from the vote were : Albania , Argentina , Cameroon , Cote de’Ivoire , El Salvador , Spain , France , Ghana , Greece , Guinea , Haiti , India , Italy , Japan , Kenya , Nepal , Uganda , Paraguay , South Korea , St.	137	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ But Congress is guilty in that respect , too . ”	4	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
The investigators were ready to meet her because they ’ve met with everyone else on her staff , and now they know what questions to ask .	10	contact.discussion.meet
He 's always willing to declare bankruptcy and let the contractors go hang .	12	conflict.attack.hanging
Ransacked : French police raided a apartment Bouhlel was renting close to his estranged wife and ransacked the property , looking for clues	9	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Defence officials said the Syrian planes were leaving as the coalition aircraft arrived , meaning they did not engage in combat , but that the US would not hesitate to defend its forces .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
RELATED STORIES ' CUBS OF THE CALIPHATE ' ISIS release shocking footage of child soldiers executing Taliban captives accused of spying BAGHDAD BOMBINGS At least 125 dead and 150 injured after ISIS car blast at shopping centre cages of death Chilling images reveal the hellhole prisons where ISIS captives were BURNED ALIVE as the jihadis fled Fallujah GOTCHA SAS soldiers shoot and kill three British ISIS extremists during 30 minute gun battle in Libya HOSTAGE DRAMA ISIS release gloating pictures of Bangladesh terror siege victims as its revealed all 20 killed were foreigners FREED TO KILL ISIS mastermind of Istanbul massacre ' dodged extradition to Russia because it breached HUMAN RIGHTS '	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
5 July 2007 - Russia refuses to extradite Mr Lugovoi , saying its constitution does not allow it	7	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
In 2005 , a federal district judge in Chicago returned home to find her husband and mother dead of gunshot wounds to the head , after she herself had earlier been targeted by a white supremacist defendant .	20	life.injure.n/a
In a joint statement released on July 15 , 2015 , the inspector general of the State Department and the inspector general of the intelligence community said that through their review of the emails , they found information that was classified when sent , remained so as of their inspection , and " never should have been transmitted via an unclassified personal system . "	49	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
They knew they would be executed if they were captured by ISIS .	5	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
There is no evidence for this account , and photographs from the Moscow University seem to support Russian reports that marines killed one pirate in a firefight , and took the other ten captive .	26	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Police said they were investigating the incident as a terrorist offense .	4	justice.investigate.n/a
Titus ’ Chief of Staff , Tiberius Julius Alexander , who was Philo ’s nephew and whose father donated the gilded gates to the Temple , commanded both the destruction of Jerusalem and the massacre of 50,000 of his native Jewish community in Alexandria .	18	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
This complaint might be taken seriously were it not a response to Clinton ’s lie that Trump is the “ recruiting sergeant ” for ISIS .	20	personnel.startposition.n/a
I can take you back to 2010 when this is being debated and I could get tapes from my show back then or transcripts and I could point out how I said everything that ’s happening now was gon na happen .	11	contact.discussion.n/a
The banks , he says , fear the Americans who “ have not acted on their promises and [ only ] removed the sanctions on paper ” .	23	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
“ That wo n’t happen again , ” she vowed .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
What would San Franciscans say if Salt Lake City declared the Endangered Species Act null and void within its city limits , or if Carson City unilaterally suspended federal background checks and waiting periods for handgun purchases ?	36	transaction.transferownership.purchase
She lied under oath when testifying to Congress , and she lied about FBI Director James Comey ’s public indictment of her lies , which he delivered to the nation .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Not all outdated information has been purged , according to Menzel , so some of those records likely include information for deceased voters or those who have subsequently moved .	21	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Offer capital grants to non - profit developers of affordable housing until all people can obtain decent housing at no more than 25 % of their income .	26	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Because House rules would allow the convention ’s Rules Committee to convene during the convention to change the rules of the game as it is being played .	11	contact.discussion.n/a
The Turkish military operation in Syria and ways to cooperate in providing aid to civilians in the city of Aleppo were discussed during the talks in Istanbul on Monday , Erdogan said .	11	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
It showed footage of ambulances arriving at the Kilis State hospital and medical personnel unloading children on stretchers and a girl wrapped in a blanket as well as a handful of adults .	14	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
He said that he was urged to think of his fight against " Crooked Hillary " instead , and that he was advised " do n't punch down . "	5	contact.commandorder.meet
Will Stewart 9 Venison from this region is exported to Britain and other EU countries	8	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The UN is currently working on a treaty to ban nuclear weapons .	7	government.agreements.n/a
Russia , while denying the convoy attack , has justified its airstrikes by saying that the cease - fire — along with U.S. failure to disengage the opposition from the Front for the Conquest of Syria , the al - Qaeda group formerly known as Jabhat al - Nusra — allowed the terrorists to rearm and expand their territory .	11	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Mr Powell has been discovered , via more leaked emails , to have tried to distance himself from the email scandal surrounding Ms Clinton , which had dogged her election campaign .	9	contact.collaborate.correspondence
That horrible , horrible Sandy Hook — what ’s the word we want to use , murder , assault , slaughter , unspeakable act .	20	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
When an outside group headed by David Brock , a Clinton ally , signaled plans to demand that Mr. Sanders release his health records , drawing Mrs. Clinton into an unwelcome spat , another Clinton adviser , Neera Tanden , wrote to Mr. Podesta to grouse .	16	contact.commandorder.n/a
Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Live coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan MORE ’s name , but Warren did n’t mention other Democratic presidential candidate in her speech and was n’t derailed by the audience .	16	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
Earlier this month , Turkey recalled its ambassador from Berlin in fury after the German parliament voted overwhelmingly for the Armenian " genocide " resolution .	22	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Which is a bit like saying , “ Breaking into someone ’s home , putting a gun in their face , and demanding they hand over all their weapons raises questions about armed - robbery law . ”	34	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Marc Rich was indicted in the United States in 1983 with business partner Picnus Green and fled the country .	3	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
The word Palestinian does not appear in the entire document — except for one clause demanding that the United States immediately halt funding to the UN ’s climate body because it grants Palestinians membership as a state .	15	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The crew of a Russian yacht detained by North Korea have been released , Russian state media says .	6	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Following up the import ban	3	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Case highlighted the important role immigrants play in the economy , including founder and fellow billionaire Sergey Brin , who immigrated from Russia .	20	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
“ This is going to sound extreme : Either he ’s blackmailed with something or he has an ulterior motive , ” she said .	11	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Masortim are more evenly divided between those who favor shutting down public transport across the entire country on the Sabbath ( 44 % ) and those who want to keep buses , trains or other public transportation running in at least some areas ( 52 % ) .	12	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
When the day to vote for the admission of the State of Iseral arrived they were short two votes .	18	government.vote.n/a
“ Liberals are now quite deranged and applaud a woman who will crush their feeble agenda as soon as she says the oath of office . ”	22	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Deployment of the vaccine in all African countries where yellow fever is endemic could slash the number of cases .	10	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Perlo - Freeman also looked at what could be achieved with those funds — or the " opportunity cost " of the military allocation of the funds — at his organization 's WritePeace blog .	12	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
June 26 , 2015 -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before -- A man on France 's terror watch list shoots selfies with the decapitated body of his boss before launching an attempted suicide attack at a U.S.-owned chemical factory near Lyon in southeastern France .	36	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Assange ’s supporters dismiss the sexual assault allegations as a ploy to attack his character and give authorities reason to arrest him .	20	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has accused Russia of meddling in the 2016 presidential election , saying its hackers stole Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) emails and released them to foment disunity in the party and aid Donald Trump .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Update , June 24 : Trump acknowledged in a June 23 interview with NBC ’s Lester Holt that he had no evidence to support his claim that Stevens “ was left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed . ” Trump said “ who knows if she was sleeping … she might have been sleeping . ”	33	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Obama made a statement to reporters that day in the White House briefing room , met with his national security team on Monday and Tuesday , and visited with shooting victims and their families in Orlando on Thursday .	29	life.injure.n/a
He has denied receiving any such payments .	6	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
NOW : Cruz grudgingly reiterated this weekend that he would still back the party ’s nominee even if it is Trump , saying : “ I will support the Republican nominee .	4	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Of the three leading Republicans , he ’s the only one who has n’t promised to revoke the Iran deal on his first day in office .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In a confidential report for the tennis authorities in 2008 , the enquiry team said 28 players involved in these matches should be investigated , but the findings were never followed up .	23	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
He won election that year , after serving as head of the Democratic National Committee , governor of Virginia and lieutenant governor .	1	personnel.elect.winelection
Many think tanks also readily confer ‘ nonresident scholar ’ status on lobbyists , former government officials and others who earn their primary living working for private clients , with few restrictions on such outside work . ” http://nyti.ms/2b2RbDm	5	contact.discussion.meet
“ Liberals are now quite deranged and applaud a woman who will crush their feeble agenda as soon as she says the oath of office . ”	22	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
His campaign showed new verve with its response on Tuesday , moving swiftly and of one voice to knock down the false narrative that Trump was calling for Clinton to be assassinated .	31	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In 2015 , the suffering of desperate refugees who flee civil unrest — many of whom drown in the Mediterranean Sea — is a direct consequence of that disastrous operation .	16	life.die.n/a
Rodchenkov ’s property was seized at the request of investigators examing the case , a court spokesperson announced Thursday .	4	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
In 2014 , the Obama administration eased the decades - old arms embargo to allow its former Cold War enemy to buy maritime surveillance and " security - related " systems to strengthen it with China in mind .	12	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
An Interior Ministry source also said no one had been arrested in connection with the crash .	10	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
But President Bashar Assad 's security forces began attacking protesters , and the clashes rapidly escalated into a civil war .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Oum Mohammad , whose real name is something else , smuggled Expressen 's camera into al - Raqqah .	10	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Clinton has also advocated for a no - fly zone over Syria , saying at a Democratic debate in April that “ we need to put in safe havens for those poor Syrians who are fleeing both Assad and ISIS and so they have some place they can be safe . ”	3	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
She negotiated the first agreement ever -- ever -- where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions .	1	contact.discussion.correspondence
On Thursday , 60 donor countries meeting in London pledged billions of dollars to ease the plight of Syrian refugees .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Khait , who was born in Russia and immigrated with her parents 23 years ago , also adamantly supports Trump ’s immigration policies , including his Muslim ban , even though she said she favors certain legal immigration .	8	movement.transportperson.n/a
Whereas roughly 10 % of civilian fatalities in Syria last year were at the hands of ISIS , the regime was responsible for at least 75 % of all civilian deaths in Syria in 2015 , according to humanitarian news group IRIN .	6	life.die.n/a
And while the Republican presidential nominee argued against nation - building in a foreign policy speech Monday , he advocated for something even more grandiose : seizing Iraq ’s oil wealth in the aftermath of the U.S. invasion in 2003 that toppled Saddam Hussein .	26	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
An evacuation is an evacuation , ” Haley told reporters on Tuesday , urging people to move at least 100 miles inland .	13	contact.requestadvise.meet
But at the very least , he still emerged as the type of guy who thinks it ’s normal to brag in private about sexually assaulting women .	25	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Mike Pence ( R ) announced he would vote for Cruz in the state 's primary Tuesday .	5	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Sure today we all want to identify with Lincoln the First Republican President , but does this not do a disservice to the half of the nation that succeeded in the name of States ’ Rights and small government in response to that Republican won election ?	44	personnel.elect.n/a
Maybe the slide started with 9/11 , after which huge pluralities of people were suddenly OK with summary executions , torture , warrantless surveillance and the blithe disposal of concepts like habeas corpus .	18	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
The tools materialized as part of an unusual electronic auction set up by a group calling itself " Shadow Brokers , " which has promised to leak more data to whoever puts in a winning bid .	9	transaction.transferownership.n/a
However , China 's foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said sanctions alone could not solve the North Korean nuclear issue .	10	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In a widely panned speech at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ’s ( AIPAC ) annual meeting on Monday , Clinton pledged her undying loyalty to Israel , promised to go to war with Iran if necessary , and implied the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions Movement was anti - Semitic .	42	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
I 'm never voting for a political dynasty that incarcerated more Americans than any presidency in history , because unlike Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders does n't take prison lobbyist donations and addressed prison reform long before 2016 .	9	movement.transportperson.preventexit
" Aid and comfort , " where the individual provides aid to " a country presently at war with the United States . "	9	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Anti - corruption officials there say the payments earmarked for Mr. Manafort , previously unreported , are a focus of their investigation , though they have yet to determine if he actually received the cash .	7	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
" They killed 15 people that were waiting to get bread , " said Abdulrahman , who added that 11 more civilians were injured in the incident .	23	life.injure.n/a
The human rights group produced a 133-page dossier alleging Nigerian forces caused the deaths of 8,000 people through murder , starvation , suffocation and torture during security operations against Islamist militants Boko Haram .	24	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
And they would all be based on the same starting point that every aspiring doctor learns on her first day of medical school : the Hippocratic Oath — first , do no harm .	26	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
You stumbled three times . ”	1	movement.transportperson.n/a
2016 will not be a “ straight - ticket voting year , ” McConnell said , adding that Senate Republicans were running better campaigns nationwide than Democrats in races that will be an “ eye - gouging , shin - kicking contest all over the country ” and similar to “ knife fights in a phone booth . ”	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
This oil - rich nation was also reprimanded by Hillary Clinton ’s State department for its various “ human rights problems . ” And Kuwait ’s policy to imprison gays for up to seven years notwithstanding , the Clinton Foundation still accepted its major donation .	28	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
“ One of our most effective tools to defeat boycotts and de - legitimisation is the presentation of a political process , negotiations or some political horizon that gives hope for a two - states - for - two - peoples resolution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , ” Shapiro said .	9	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
It ’s not only disturbing the things Snowden revealed in the last few years , but also the lengths that various levels of power have gone to to protect power and deceive the people .	31	contact.prevarication.meet
Great Britain knowingly deceived Poland when Great Britain actually promised military assistance to Poland if Poland were attacked by Germany .	3	contact.prevarication.correspondence
After a yearlong investigation , the FBI recommended against prosecution in July , and the Justice Department then closed the case .	7	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
The report added that the timing of his extradition is curious given the ongoing investigations of Clinton ’s alleged use of a private , unsecured email during her time as secretary of state , and noted that Guccifer ’s testimony could be a major blow to Clinton .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Please understand this : I 've never taken the Never Trump blood oath .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Experts estimate that The Clinton Foundation has donated no more than 15 percent of the donations to charitable pursuits .	7	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The company also has licenses from Pompano Beach and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to import , but the licenses do n't specify what it would be importing , or from where .	33	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Before the rally in San Jose on June 2nd , I talk to a group of construction workers , each of whom is in some state of layoff : current , recent , chronic .	27	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Trump was pushing real estate deals in Moscow at the time and , according to one Moscow - based American businessman who negotiated with him , Trump ’s admiration for Putin was rooted in “ pure self - interest … .	22	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Doctors said they had documented 34 dead and 216 injured on Tuesday alone , adding that the total number was likely to be higher as some families retrieved their dead from bombarded sites without taking them to local hospitals .	31	conflict.attack.n/a
Police have shot dead one of the gunmen and a second was injured	2	conflict.attack.firearmattack
The renewed attack on Aleppo and Russia ’s apparent decision to abandon the latest efforts to reinstall last week ’s ceasefire appear to signal that the Syrian regime is more determined than ever to crush all opposition in the country .	20	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Kerry urges war crimes probe into Syrian and Russian bombing of civilians	1	contact.requestadvise.meet
A young English football fans hurls a bottle at police before during the violent clashes on the streets of Marseille	5	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
Trump vows to champion U.S. economic strength and military power -- " to make America great again , " as he says .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Although Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996 , he also enacted “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” a critical ( if problematic ) step toward integrating gay service members into the military .	13	government.legislate.legislate
Asked which is a bigger problem , that US intelligence believes Russia was able to hack into the Democratic National Committee 's email or how Donald Trump reacted , suggesting that Russian hackers should get Clinton 's emails , 61 % said the hacking , 31 % Trump .	29	contact.requestadvise.n/a
According to data from the U.S. Defense Department , all three countries currently contribute less than 0.5 percent of the funding for the NATO Security Investment Program , one of the alliance 's three resource pillars .	20	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The migrant , known only as Ghazia A , fled Syria last year along with his family .	9	movement.transportperson.n/a
Last week , U.S. officials moved to extradite the hacker known as “ Guccifer , ’ who is accused of accessing the email of Clinton adviser Sidney Blumenthal .	7	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
It explains that nuclear weapons are constantly used , in the sense that they “ cast a shadow over any crisis or conflict . ” It also urges a “ national persona ” of irrationality and vindictiveness to intimidate the world .	38	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
One of Trump ’s most frequent suggestions surrounds urging his supporters to visit “ certain areas ” on Election Day as poll watchers to ensure Clinton supporters do n’t vote multiple times .	8	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The Stein protesters on Monday eventually sat down en masse in a public street , as close as they could get , given all the police roadblocks , to Hofstra University , where Clinton and Trump were preparing to debate .	26	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
UPDATE : Politifact has discussion on fatality rates from mass public shootings , where they rank the US as the fourth highest country .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Her team negotiated the New START Treaty with Russia to reduce nuclear weapons and reestablish inspections .	15	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
-- THE CHECKBOOK : “ Trump Jacked Up His Campaign ’s Trump Tower Rent Once Somebody Else Was Paying It , ” by the Huffington Post 's S.V.	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
They do n’t deal with anybody who is on Medicare now but would block grant Medicaid jobs programs , public housing and food stamps and block grant them just as Clinton did with aid with aid to children .	26	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- Despite signs last year that Ukraine 's then - new president was starting to rebuild Ukrainians ' trust in their leadership , President Petro Poroshenko is now less popular than his predecessor Viktor Yanukovych was before he was ousted .	42	personnel.endposition.n/a
Erdogan also reiterated Turkey would consider reinstating the death penalty after the failed attempt to overthrow his government .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Putin , who is expected to visit Crimea later this week in a show of support , convened his Security Council and canceled the next round of international talks meant to turn the shaky ceasefire in eastern Ukraine into a lasting peace .	34	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
A Russian blogger has been charged with offending religious believers and inciting hatred after filming himself playing Pokemon Go in a church .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Russian media reported Monday that a woman working as a nanny in Moscow had decapitated a four - year - old boy and then held his head up while shouting at people near the entrance to a subway station before being arrested .	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Stein wants to end drone strikes , pursue nuclear disarmament , stop supplying repressive militaries with US weapons , support nonviolent protests of Israel ’s treatment of Palestinians , withdraw troops and military contractors from Iraq and Afghanistan , and cut US military spending " by at least 50 percent . "	12	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
However , Erdogan ’s government banned all Turkish media from further reporting on the court proceedings .	15	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Death threats were common and credible since a Russian captive was the first to be shot to death .	15	conflict.attack.firearmattack
If he wins , he will imprison his defeated opponent .	6	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Born in the rural Afghanistan village of Shullana , Millatmal graduated from medical school in Kabul in 1976 but was forced to flee his country after spending a year jailed and tortured by the communist government , said one account .	29	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The lawsuits cite the Voting Rights Act and the Ku Klux Klan Act , which aim to prevent voter intimidation .	18	government.vote.n/a
The researchers who captured the strange footage said both methane and carbon dioxide poured out of the bubble when it was punctured .	21	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
In 2007 police foiled an Al Qaeda plot to detonate a fertiliser bomb at the busy Bluewater shopping centre in Kent .	9	conflict.attack.bombing
Erdoğan said Turkey and the U.S. were in sync when it came to combatting DAESH , but Ankara expected a change in perspective from Washington on setting up safe zones in northern Syria .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
Inter - Korean relations have worsened significantly in recent weeks , with Pyongyang showing particular sensitivity to the UN sanctions agreed last week .	19	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Residents who have recently fled the area … say the Islamic State has been erecting concrete barricades and filling trenches with oil that can be set on fire to slow advancing forces .	4	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Following the airstrike , recovery teams from Syria Civil Defense , known as the White Helmets , began working to free the trapped and recover the dead , including small children .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
He says that “ last week I witnesses a public whipping of people who were caught watching satellite television ” .	10	life.injure.n/a
Rutherford B. Hayes was inaugurated to derisive cries of “ His Fraudulency ” and “ Rutherfraud . ”	4	government.formation.startgpe
She paid him $ 5,000 to migrate her regular State Department email account and her secret State Department email account from their secure State Department servers to her personal , secret , non - secure server in her home in Chappaqua , New York .	6	movement.transportperson.n/a
The State Department said it will take until the end of September to complete a review of the emails handed over by the FBI , but the Trump campaign still jumped at the chance to hammer Clinton once again over her email troubles .	18	contact.collaborate.correspondence
What matters is our ability to provide useful jobs to the unemployed and to ramp up domestic production to meet the needs of the newly employed plus increased purchasing power of African Americans and Native Americans who receive reparations .	25	personnel.startposition.hiring
The bombardments came after Ankara suffered its first military fatality in the two - pronged offensive against IS and the Syrian Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) militia .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Then last week , Trump ’s campaign staff watered down a pledge to help Ukraine defend its territory from Russian - backed rebels and the candidate told the New York Times he would not necessarily honor the NATO treaty commitment that requires the United States military to defend other member states from a direct attack by Russia .	38	government.agreements.n/a
The Nazi messaging also preached about internal threats from various segments of Germany 's own population , like Jews , homosexuals , and communists .	4	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Howard - Browne and Wiles are both vocal supporters of Donald Trump , and Howard - Browne said in the interview that he is now a member of the GOP presidential nominee ’s faith advisory committee .	20	contact.discussion.n/a
Mr , Untermeyer volunteered to give President Wilson 's former sweetheart the $ 40,000.00 out of his own pocket on one condition : that Wilson promise Untermeyer to appoint to the first vacancy on the United States Supreme Court a nominee to be recommended to Wilson by Untermeyer .	43	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
The French satirical weekly came to international prominence after a group of gunmen attacked its Paris office on January 7 , 2015 , killing 12 people and wounding 11 .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
There are fears sectarian strife may spread in the region following the execution of Sheikh Nimr al - Nimr and 46 others in Saudi Arabia on Saturday after they were convicted of terror - related offences .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Some fled Russia for political reasons during the Cold War , or were escaping religious persecution .	1	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty , the section compelling member nations to provide aid , was invoked for the first time in the history of the organization in the wake of 9/11 .	14	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Ukraine did hire several D.C. lobbying and communication firms to influence policymakers .	2	personnel.startposition.hiring
Thousands of army officers , judges and prosecutors have been detained , and a wider purge is under way that encompasses universities , schools and the civil service .	10	movement.transportperson.n/a
… This is especially true at a time when Israel faces brutal terrorist stabbings , shootings and vehicle attacks at home .	13	conflict.attack.stabbing
Los Angeles Police Department spokeswoman Jane Kim said on Monday that investigators were aware of the recall issue with the Jeep and were looking at whether that played any role in the fatality .	32	life.die.n/a
The footage also shows equipment presumably captured , including a customized AK-74 M rifle , a helmet and a compass .	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Aide Jake Sullivan , who 's trying to send her a message — we do n't know its sensitivity — tells her that staffers " say they 've had issues sending secure fax .	32	contact.collaborate.n/a
" They were drowning in the stuff , and trying to burn it .	3	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
While waxing rhapsodic about the U.S.-Israeli relationship – promising to take it “ to the next level ” – Clinton vows to challenge Syria , Iran , Russia and other countries that have resisted or obstructed the neocon / Israeli “ wish list ” for “ regime change . ”	35	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Roughly 20 activists are said to have congregated outside , holding banners reading “ we do n’t need alternative history ” and shouting insults .	7	contact.collaborate.meet
“ If these are emails from Huma Abedin , we do n’t know if they are , but if they are , we assume they ’d have to be redundant because she already turned over all of her emails , ” Mook said Sunday on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ”	4	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Mobile phones are already prohibited in cabinet meetings in the UK , and extending the injunction to smartwatches is logical .	15	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
After all , there is a huge difference between wealth that is earned by producing goods and services of value for others , and wealth that is acquired through rent - seeking , where profits are derived from government - granted privileges and subsidies .	40	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
But the Oct. 11 presidential debate – which also involved Reform Party candidate Ross Perot – did not go as Bush had hoped .	5	contact.discussion.correspondence
Disgusted , CODEPINK cofounder Jodie Evans tore off her pink slip and handed it to Clinton , saying that her support for Bush ’s invasion would lead to the death of many innocent people .	6	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
If you define “ actual charities not controlled by the Clintons ” as “ programmatic grants , ” then it appears the number is 15 % .	15	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Protesters angry about the killing of a black man , Keith Lamont Scott , by an African - American police officer terrorized the streets Wednesday night , beating citizens , looting , vandalizing , blocking interstate traffic and setting fires .	32	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
But WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that the upcoming dump of U.S. election - related material would come at a later date .	12	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
In a speech in the swing state of Ohio , Trump also said that in implementing his call for a temporary ban on Muslims immigrating to the country , he would institute “ extreme vetting ” and develop a new screening test to try to catch people who intend to do harm to the United States .	24	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
It shows that a Gulen - aligned group called the Alliance for Shared Values hired the Clinton - connected Podesta Group to lobby Congress on its behalf .	14	personnel.startposition.hiring
Even without its many inmates who are convicted of drug charges , the U.S. still leads the world in imprisoning people .	19	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Victims suffered from fever and other flulike symptoms before developing a rash of the pustules that gave the disease its nickname : the speckled monster .	3	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Just elect him and he ’ll keep out the Mexicans and the Muslims , start trade wars with China and Japan , confiscate Middle Eastern oil and hey , presto , America ’s great again .	22	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Great job . ” What Trump does n’t mention is that he himself favored the pullout from Iraq as early as 2006 , when he told CNBC , “ I would like to see our president get us out of the war [ in Iraq ] because the war is a total catastrophe . ” Trump professed himself to be unconcerned about what would happen after the U.S. pullout : “ Somebody will take over Iraq , whether we ’re there or not , but probably when we leave , will take over Iraq . … He will make Saddam Hussein look like a baby . ” So Trump actually foresaw what a mess Iraq would be after the American pullout , but he was in favor of it just the same .	56	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Sulzberger met with each of them , but he was considering Baron and Keller most closely , according to people familiar with his thinking .	1	contact.discussion.meet
The New York Times reported on Sunday that secret ledgers showed $ 12.7 million in undisclosed cash payments had been designated for Manafort from the Yanukovych administration .	17	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Pope calls for an end to death penalty , asks for no sentence to be executed during the Holy Year of Mercy .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Israel does not balk at demolishing EU - funded structures , despite the open tension it causes with its powerful ally .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
— In total three bombs exploded , the governor told TRT .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
As a strong and vocal advocate for victims of sex trafficking and assault , I must be true to those survivors and myself and condemn the predatory and reprehensible comments of Donald Trump .	10	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
The UK has said its policy is to provide aid money to neighbouring countries so that they can support refugees closer to home .	8	transaction.transaction.n/a
Foster a Civic Internet of Things through Public Investments : Hillary will dedicate federal research funding to test - bedding , field trials , and other public - private endeavors to speed the deployment of next generation wireless networks and a civic Internet of Things .	15	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
" If you do not leave these areas urgently you will be annihilated . "	12	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
To take on Sanders in New York , Clinton will cast the Vermont senator as an overly - idealistic , pie - in - the - sky lawmaker who wo n't be able to achieve many of the things he is proposing .	41	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
When she has been , she blames the French government for making it impossible for her to get loans in her own country .	18	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The US is “ ready to de facto ally ” with its archenemies from Al - Qaeda ’s branch in Syria as part of its “ obsession ” by using “ so - called moderate ” groups to overthrow the Syrian government , former UK ambassador to Syria , Peter Ford , told RT in an exclusive interview .	57	contact.discussion.meet
Some of Trump ’s Republican critics — including vulnerable GOP Sen. Mark Kirk Mark KirkWhy Qatar Is a problem for Washington Taking the easy layup : Why brain cancer patients depend on it The Mideast - focused Senate letter we need to see MORE ( R - Ill . ) — are demanding that Trump leave the ticket and allow running mate Mike Pence Mike ( Michael ) Richard PenceDems threaten to gum up Senate over ' secret ' ObamaCare bill This week : Senate plots path on healthcare Pence family adopts new kitten , puppy MORE to take the lead .	52	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The Turkish claim to have a right to be involved in the Mosul offensive is a dishonest claim , since Turkey has been financing the ISIS forces through oil smuggling and other human trafficking operations in Syria .	33	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Those treaties , he said , “ strip this country of its jobs and strips us of our wealth ” .	1	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
“ If we are not going to be reasonably reimbursed for the tremendous cost of protecting these massive nations with tremendous wealth … then yes , I would be absolutely prepared to tell those countries , ‘ Congratulations , you will be defending yourself , ’ ” Trump told Sanger .	9	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
First , these are technicalities and it is clear from the record that she did not lie to the committee , so the technicalities of perjury can be passed over , and secondly because Secretary Clinton is also charged with violation of the false statement statute , which does not require an oath , and some of the other niceties of perjury , I will keep the focus on the truthfulness of her testimony .	52	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
" Aid and comfort , " where the individual provides aid to " a country presently at war with the United States . "	9	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Warplanes have bombed a strategic camp on the northern edge of Aleppo , as Syrian government and rebel forces battle for control of the high ground .	2	conflict.attack.bombing
For one thing , they ’re too late ; the demography of the country has probably already shifted too far to make restricting immigration , or winning elections on such a platform , possible .	26	personnel.elect.n/a
In 2013 , Mr. Trump met with Russian partners to discuss building a replica of his SoHo residential development project in Moscow .	5	contact.discussion.meet
Much better than our Bush . ” When Putin ripped American exceptionalism i n a New York Times op - ed in 2013 , Trump called it “ a masterpiece . ” Despite ample evidence , Trump denies that Putin has assassinated his opponents : “ In all fairness to Putin , you ’re saying he killed people .	41	life.die.n/a
The evening capped one of Trump 's worst weeks of the campaign season , one that started with his shaky debate performance on Monday night and went on to include a public feud with a former beauty queen , a middle - of - the - night tweet storm , attacks on the Clintons ' marriage and an examination of an decades - old adult film that briefly featured Trump fully clothed .	20	contact.discussion.correspondence
FBI chief James Comey criticized Clinton 's use of a private email server , though he recommended that no criminal charges be brought against her .	16	contact.requestadvise.n/a
agents seized the laptop as well as Mr. Weiner ’s iPad and cellphone .	1	transaction.transaction.n/a
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un salutes as he arrives to inspect a military drill at an unknown location , in this undated photo released by North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) on March 25 , 2016 .	11	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
In Britain , law enforcement is taking enhanced security measures on aviation transport , working “ closely with our international partners to mitigate risks , ” Transport minister Tariq Ahmad said .	12	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Almost immediately after the 9/11 attack , while bodies were still buried in the rubble , George W. Bush demanded from Congress the legal authorization to use military force against those responsible for the attack , which everyone understood would start with an invasion of Afghanistan .	19	contact.commandorder.meet
The Democratic National Committee - which saw Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( pictured ) resign on Sunday - saw 20,000 of their private emails published on WikiLeaks over the weekend	14	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Assange was arrested one month later in London .	2	movement.transportperson.n/a
Russia has announced the details of a new shipment of arms it is sending to Armenia , a relatively rare move likely connected with Russia 's ongoing tension with Turkey .	8	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Syria ’s government is waging a major offensive in Aleppo and both Syria and Russia are carrying out airstrikes on the city​.	18	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
( One right - wing landowner was “ hopeful of relief measures by a Hitler cabinet for the depressed agriculture of the east , ” and thus concluded “ the army and the forces of conservatism would suffice to prevent a one - party Nazi dictatorship . ” ) Think of the supply - siders supporting Trump in the hope he can enact major tax cuts , or the social conservatives enthused about his list of potential judges , and you ’ll have a picture of the thought process .	62	government.legislate.legislate
" We 're not perfect and some surely escape by , " he said .	8	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Benchmark Politics , an upstart competitor that claims its record is better than FiveThirtyEight‘s , likens Silver ’s hedging to “ telling a basketball team they can shoot four free throws instead of two . ”	30	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
He used undocumented labor to build Trump Tower . ” She would later hit Trump for building a hotel , “ here in Las Vegas , ” with Chinese steel .	5	manufacture.artifact.n/a
I 'm never voting for a political dynasty that incarcerated more Americans than any presidency in history , because unlike Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders does n't take prison lobbyist donations and addressed prison reform long before 2016 .	3	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Ukraine ’s newly formed National Anti - Corruption Bureau , which obtained the ledger , said in a statement that Manafort ’s name appeared 22 times in the documents over five years , with payments totaling $ 12.7 million .	34	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Blustering , despotic , and fueling racial and ethnic tensions to thrill his followers and intimidate his opponents while empowering himself , Trump ’s disdain for America ’s character and the values enshrined in our Constitution plays out every day in his attacks on religious minorities , Hispanics , African Americans , the free press , and the rule of law .	15	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
A man who prosecutors said shouted “ Britain first , ” “ This is for Britain ” and “ Keep Britain independent ” was charged with her murder .	27	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Hide Caption 5 of 29 Photos : San Bernardino shooting Law enforcement officers search a neighborhood in San Bernardino .	9	conflict.attack.n/a
They began preaching the same destructive messages and appearing on the extremist right - wing network all across the nation .	2	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
He said : " The problem with that was the risk factors around leaving are quite terminal also , in that if ISIS [ IS ] were able to detect and capture you then their punishment is quite brutal for trying to leave .	31	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Khizr Khan , father of deceased Muslim U.S. soldier Humayun S. M. Khan , holds up a booklet of the U.S. Constitution as he delivers remarks on the fourth day of the Democratic National Convention , Thursday in Philadelphia .	5	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Beck felt vindicated in a suspicion she had had for months : that the media had long concealed the extent of crimes committed by refugees and migrants .	17	movement.transportartifact.hide
" It is a case they ( the Norwegian authorities ) have not wished to comment on previously , so therefore we want a legal clarification of this , " Helle said , when asked whether Norway had said it would extradite Snowden if he entered the country .	41	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Since then , Trump has praised and defended Putin — including against the charge of having Russian journalists killed — and has pledged to establish better relations with Moscow .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Since the culmination of the Little Ice Age , Alpine glaciers have been in a state of general retreat . Peru – The current warming that is melting the Quelccaya glacier in Peru began in 1830 according to Al Gore ’s friend , Lonnie Thompson ( Thompson 2006 ) * NOTE : The recent data from this ice core may be contaminated by rainwater that seeped into the top 20 meters of the ice . And the same is true for all of the glaciers he mentioned .	18	conflict.yield.retreat
Perched on a rise above the skirmish , a female warrior in an elaborate fur headdress checks her smartphone as an impassive white camel chews the cud .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Ransacked : French police raided a apartment Bouhlel was renting close to his estranged wife and ransacked the property , looking for clues	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
He blasts Rubio for charging personal expenses on the Florida GOP ’s credit card and only reimbursing the party after he got caught .	16	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
America ’s New Class is n’t the super rich ( they tend to donate to Hillary Clinton ) ; it 's the upper - middle - class employees of non - profits , universities and government agencies .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Brazile has faced scrutiny for another email in the leaks that suggested she had provided debate questions to Clinton in advance of a March 13 town hall event hosted by Roland Martin and Jake Tapper , also host of CNN 's " State of the Union " and " The Lead . "	15	contact.negotiate.n/a
And we need to understand that communities are and will be sacrificing because we have produced these wastes .	15	manufacture.artifact.n/a
People inspect a site hit by airstrikes in the rebel held town of Atareb in Aleppo province , Syria , July 25 , 2016 .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
“ He said very positive things about me , ” The Donald replied , confirming that he is easily misled by flattery from anti - American dictators .	19	contact.prevarication.meet
This violence has held national attention since last week , when a Trump supporter named John McGraw punched 26-year - old protester Rakeem Jones in the face — and then told the press that if he saw Jones again , " we might have to kill him " because " [ w]e do n’t know who he is .	17	life.injure.n/a
Remember the Honduran coup ?	3	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The Rothschilds refused to invest one cent of their money in the company which obtained the concession to construct the Suez Canal .	18	manufacture.artifact.build
In April last year , a fishing vessel collided with an unidentified submarine off Scotland , with British media speculating that it must have been Russian .	8	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
the senator proclaimed , although he did n't specify which exit .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
China would buy it definitely and perhaps Russia .	2	transaction.transferownership.purchase
-- A super PAC led by former CATO president Ed Crane launched a $ 1 million ad buy for Gary Johnson , trying to help the Libertarian nominee crack 15 percent in the polls so he can win a spot in the debates .	17	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Telling a self - serving lie -- no matter how transparent , no matter how easily disproved -- seems to be a reflex for him .	5	contact.prevarication.n/a
The Russian Defense Ministry on Thursday issued an update on its bombing campaign .	11	conflict.attack.n/a
It included pictures of fragments of the BUK missile found at the crash site .	12	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
In between encomia to the recently deceased anti - Semitic newspaper publisher Willis Carto and a recitation of pagan reveries by a white - separatist folk musician , attendees perused bookstalls featuring the conspiracy - mongering American Free Press newspaper and the Holocaust - denying Barnes Review .	6	life.die.nonviolentdeath
David Brock , a Clinton ally who founded the pro - Clinton super PACs Correct the Record and American Bridge 21st Century , wrote in a letter to the commission obtained by Politico that Wallace has a conflict of interest because former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes is informally advising Donald Trump and , specifically , helping him prepare for the upcoming debates .	49	contact.requestadvise.meet
Hillary Clinton says she is " disappointed " that Donald Trump would continue to praise Russian President Vladimir Putin on a Russia - funded television network .	23	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
“ We know they ’ve cut stipends to foreign fighters and many foreign fighters are in arrears on pay . ”	6	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Politifact , in its analysis of the Uranium One / Rosatom / State Department story first reported by the New York Times and based on research from the NYT bestseller Clinton Cash , ignores numerous key facts , conflates opinion for fact , deemphasizes other key facts , makes 13 errors , declares an incomplete donor record as complete , and takes the word of a major Clinton Foundation donor who has a demonstrable record of deceiving media outlets about basic facts in this deal .	76	contact.prevarication.meet
The complaint by the former world champion and political activist , a Russian national who lives in the United States , dates back to 2007 , when Russian authorities confiscated his ticket and passport and detained him at Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow .	29	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Mr. Manafort continued working in Ukraine after the demise of Mr. Yanukovych ’s government , helping allies of the ousted president and others form a political bloc that opposed the new pro - Western administration .	19	personnel.endposition.n/a
This fever is n’t breaking on its own .	1	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee will release this new web video today to highlight the scores of votes and committee hearings Rubio missed while pursuing the presidency , the repeated pledges he made during that campaign not to return to the Senate and his vote in December against a Democratic proposal to bar suspected terrorists from purchasing guns :	56	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Trump does n’t advocate a realist view of the world in which human rights and the global progress of American political values are a secondary concern .	3	contact.requestadvise.n/a
“ It is not uncommon for the Coalition Air Operations Center to confer with Russian officials as a professional courtesy and to deconflict , ” the command center said , “ although such contact is not required by the current US - Russia Memorandum of Understanding on safety of flight . ”	12	contact.discussion.correspondence
The last global deal - OPEC and non - OPEC - dates back to 2001 when Saudi Arabia persuaded Mexico , Norway and Russia to contribute to production cuts , although Moscow never followed through and raised exports instead .	37	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Several people told AFP that state employees including teachers and doctors were " strongly recommended " to be present at the funeral .	21	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
Barack Obama , Bill Clinton and John Kerry arrive on Air Force One Friday at Andrews Air Force Base as they return from attending the funeral of former Israeli President Shimon Peres in Jerusalem .	25	contact.funeralvigil.meet
When you look at the shape of the yield curve for U.S .. Treasury debt at the moment , how low interest rates are , is this a moment for the U.S. To borrow and spend in order to stimulate growth that you spoke about infrastructure spending ?	33	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
“ A mother spanked her son for watching porn ... but his teachers in school noticed bruises , complained , and the court made the mother pay a 8,000-ruble ( $ 120 ) fine ... Parents no longer have the right to choose methods of up - bringing , ” a statement on their website says .	16	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Hide Caption 33 of 37 Photos : Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro dies Pope Benedict XVI meets with Castro in Havana in March 2012 .	12	life.die.nonviolentdeath
“ You have to understand that this event , which will be attended by 50,000 people , will take place on the site of the burial of 7,500 Soviet soldiers who perished while freeing Europe from fascism .	31	life.die.n/a
But as reported by The Washington Post , the operation , which would support the U.S.-led coalition ’s airstrike campaign , has gotten off to a slow start , as the Pentagon hires up for the effort and stockpiles weapons to use against the group .	18	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Russia has been voted off the United Nations Human Rights Council amid mounting allegations of being responsible for war crimes in relation to its actions in Syria .	18	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In that time , reports have claimed that Russia ’s government intercepted and will release Clinton ’s emails ; Wikileaks founder Julian Assange announced plans to release Clinton emails which he believes would provide sufficient evidence to indict her ; and CBS News published a poll showing two thirds of registered voters believed Clinton ’s private email setup was either illegal ( 41 percent ) or improper ( 25 percent ) .	37	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
The government staged the usual military parades to mark Liberation Day when guerrilla fighters finally persuaded the Israeli army to flee across the border after 22 years of occupation in 2000 .	20	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
1/10 Medics evacuate a wounded man from the scene of an attack in Jerusalem .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Mr Stoltenberg said : “ In the meeting , it was re - confirmed that we disagree on the facts , on the narrative and the responsibilities in and around Ukraine .	7	contact.collaborate.meet
DUHOK – Islamic State ( ISIS ) extremists executed an Iraqi woman on Friday after accusing her of “ committing adultery . ” Local sources reported that the woman was killed in Mosul city , in Iraq ’s northwestern Nineveh Governorate .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
This is using our hospitals to take care of people , you work them out , you reimburse the hospital because we will get--	17	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
One purchase , ChemChina ’s $ 43 billion purchase of the agricultural company Syngenta , has raised food security and safety concerns .	1	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Getty Images 13 Syrian children running for cover in the aftermath of the airstrikes	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
VP candidates obsess over Vladimir Putin during debate	7	contact.discussion.meet
Cuomo ’s name has also come up , and there are reports that both he and Christie , as the officials ultimately responsible for the Port Authority , might be called to testify .	32	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
ISIS released a video purportedly showing a young boy executing Musallam , an Israeli citizen of Palestinian descent who ISIS claimed infiltrated the group in Syria to spy for the Jewish state .	9	life.die.n/a
A decree in the state 's Official Gazette warns emergency measures are needed to avoid " a total collapse in public security , health , education , transport and environmental management " .	27	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Trump ’s fixations over perceived injustices have left the campaign team “ wondering what is next , ” said the staffer , though he added that the meltdown narrative is overblown and compared Trump ’s stumbles to Mitt Romney ’s occasional gaffes in 2012 .	35	movement.transportperson.fall
The fresh allegations come as three Ukrainian soldiers were killed and six injured in an upsurge of fighting between pro - Russian rebels and government forces in the country 's separatist east , today .	12	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
While Clinton swore under oath last fall all records had been provided , campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that Clinton did not have all the emails .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
He uses its fearful message to win elections , rally nationalists and delegitimise opponents .	6	personnel.elect.winelection
Although there are no official explanations as of yet , reports we received describe the event as similar to the February 2013 meteor that exploded over Chelyabinsk , injuring more than 1 000 people and damaging more than 3 000 structures .	28	life.injure.n/a
He noted that in May , “ a senior ISIL figure publicly urged the group ’s followers to conduct attacks in their home countries . ”	12	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Earlier this year , authorities detained GM Uzbekistan General Director Tohirjon Jalilov .	5	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
There are other ways to attack our election system on the Internet besides hacking voting machines or changing vote tallies : deleting voter records , hijacking candidate or party websites , targeting and intimidating campaign workers or donors .	25	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The new sanctions , the toughest ever to be imposed on Pyongyang , require mandatory inspection of all cargo going in and out of the North , regardless of whether by land , sea or air , while banning its exports of coal , iron and other mineral resources , a key source of hard currency that accounts for nearly half of the country 's total exports .	15	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
In his convention speech , Sanders will address “ how we are stronger together , ” Mook said , “ to take on the rigged system ... and get the economy working for everyone . ”	7	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Take Trump ’s laughable pledge to eliminate national debt without cuts to Social Security and Medicare .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
On its website , the Clinton campaign says the New START treaty “ will make the world safer by reducing U.S. and Russian nuclear arsenals to their smallest size in 50 years . ” But this is misleading .	11	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
At least 25 people are reported to have died , including children .	8	life.die.n/a
None of the regular appropriations bills funding government for fiscal 2017 had been signed into law when McConnell spoke to reporters .	13	government.legislate.legislate
The company says that all possible measures to prevent the spread of the blaze have been taken including a “ mineral border line ” around the saw dust mountain and firefighting equipment on permanent standby .	13	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Polish Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz has said that Russia was being aggressive towards the European region as a whole , adding that Crimea " would not be invaded if Ukraine became a NATO member . "	27	conflict.attack.invade
Whatever it is that Donald Trump has sold you , it ’s a lie .	13	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Given that the FBI still does n’t have the emails , Arkansas Republican Senator Tom Cotton ( of the US is “ under - incarcerated ” fame ) , who is a Trump supporter and also serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee , has become so frustrated that Cotton suggests the FBI is about to ask Putin for his copies .	24	movement.transportperson.preventexit
It 's a function of global dynamics : we produced a lot -- and there was n't a lot of demand for it , " said Vincent Piazza , senior oil and gas analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence .	20	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Barrett : I think we saw the power of this last night in the debate .	14	contact.discussion.meet
Ian Telfer $ 2.35 million Mining investor who was chairman of Uranium One when an arm of the Russian government , Rosatom , acquired it .	23	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Take his words seriously because he has been extradited to the U.S. , and , according to one intelligence source , is likely in the country to help the FBI make its case against Clinton .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Doing nothing in the face of the slaughter in Syria is not only shameful , it is unrealistic .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Cotton distanced himself from Trump in the immediate wake of the 2005 tape , saying in a statement that Trump should “ pledge to finally change his ways ” or step aside as the party ’s nominee .	22	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
His father , however , told Omaha CBS - affiliate KMTV he did not think it was a robbery because nothing was stolen : his watch , money , credit cards and phone were still with him .	18	conflict.attack.n/a
Winthrop Shaw Pittman , with a contract is worth $ 15,000 per month , most recently advised Saudi Arabia on the Iranian nuclear agreement .	16	contact.requestadvise.meet
She 'll say Wall Street 's $ 225,000 speaking fees could n't buy her and he 'll accurately note he paid much less to buy her to come to his wedding .	24	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
So not only does attacking medical facilities and personnel hamper the ability of that one facility and those personnel to provide aid to the regime ’s enemies , it also deters people in other areas of Syria from providing aid .	38	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
He cited the Obama administration ’s request of $ 5 billion to fund space defense programs in 2016 as evidence that the major powers were preparing for a space war despite efforts to convince them to sign the Treaty on Prevention of the Placement of Weapons in Outer Space , first proposed by China and Russia in February 2008 , as part of efforts to outlaw the weaponization of space , according to the Space Review .	38	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Assuming Hillary Clinton is n’t indicted by the FBI over her outrageous lese majeste with classified emails , and assuming that Bernie Sanders ’ campaign fizzles out after his initial projected victories in New Hampshire and possibly Iowa , and assuming ex - New York Mayor Michael Blomberg does n’t exploit the chaos with a White House run of his own – all fairly big assumptions – Trump will not win a single state unless those 70 per cent of Republicans return to the GOP camp .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Every Russian knows that Stalin executed “ enemies of the people , ” so the words sounded life - threatening , especially after one of the high - profile critics of Putin ’s politics , Boris Nemtsov , was assassinated outside the Kremlin ’s wall last February .	19	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
' If someone has decided to drown , it is no longer possible to save them .	6	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Among the documented incidents against Christians are " being hung on a cross over a fire , crushed under a steamroller , herded off bridges and trampled underfoot " .	9	conflict.attack.hanging
In the weeks since the fresh skirmish broke out last month , Democratic lawmakers have declined to inspect them in the GOP ’s offices , a committee aide said .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In a separate incident , Tuesday media reports suggested that toxic gas had been dispersed in an area in which a Russian helicopter had been shot down , in Syria ’s Idlib province .	25	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In an address back in June Clinton attacked Trump for his obvious " bizarre rants , personal feuds , and outright lies . "	21	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Getting back anywhere close to the levels of the ’ 60s and ’ 70s would require cutting immigration to a trickle and keeping it restricted for decades .	17	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Russia play Group B rivals Slovakia in the city on Wednesday , while England fans are congregating there before Thursday 's match against Wales in the nearby town of Lens .	16	contact.collaborate.meet
In taking that $ 915 million loss in 1995 , and carrying it forward to shelter future income , Donald Trump did nothing wrong .	17	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The brawling England supporter is then left on the ground by Russian fans as riot police hurl tear gas to disperse the fighters	16	movement.transportartifact.n/a
A large number of these attacks have been stabbings , though guns and cars -- used to run over people -- also have been used .	8	conflict.attack.n/a
Triple homicide there .	1	life.die.n/a
You think it does n’t tear me up to see starving kids or women led to the slaughter ?	10	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The Australian team then had a laptop and Zika - protective team shirts stolen from their quarters in the Olympic village , after about 100 team members had been evacuated because of a small fire in the basement car park of their accommodation .	29	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
The action group is a super - PAC affiliated with — but functionally separate from — the nonprofit 501(c)(4 ) group American Future Fund , which is already blasting Trump with millions of dollars ' worth of attack ads , including its own $ 1.75 million Florida buy .	47	transaction.transferownership.n/a
And he went after a new Republican tactic , suggesting GOP lawmakers should be elected to act as a check to Clinton 's power should she win .	9	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
The only period in Mueller 's 18 horrifying months as an ISIS hostage when she was n't subjected to some form of torture , verbal abuse , prolonged isolation , sensory deprivation , stress positions , forced labor or sexual assault before she died in captivity was the six weeks she was held at an abandoned oil refinery in Syria , with other Western hostages in 2014 .	40	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Current rules of engagement only allow U.S. commanders to call in airstrikes to protect NATO troops and Afghan forces in imminent danger of being overrun by the Taliban .	11	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
He said the two coaches were not physically injured , but Tancred lashed out at the standard of security at the Games so far .	8	life.injure.n/a
For on the front page of the Times , in an interview on foreign policy , Trump says that , despite our treaty obligations , he would not defend NATO allies from an invasion if they have n’t been reimbursing us for the cost of protecting them ; that he would abandon our military bases in Asia ; and that he would n’t pressure Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to relax his crackdown because “ the world looks at how bad the United States is ” on civil liberties , too .	39	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The rights of Serbs were increasingly marginalized and Kosovo became a prime recruiting ground for jihadist guerrillas in Arab countries subjected to Clinton ’s “ Arab Spring ” operations , including Libya and Syria .	12	personnel.startposition.n/a
However there are significant questions about the viability of this long - term strategy given NASA ’s present funding and approach .	18	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
But agency officials disagree with this rationale , saying that the Islamic State ca n’t be eradicated until a new government emerges capable of controlling the terrorist group ’s territory in Raqqa and elsewhere .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Antaihe Cheol , a 30-year - old resident of northern Israel , said his father and brother have been waiting to immigrate for 20 years .	21	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
But the real threat to our sovereignty is n’t imports or immigrants .	9	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The United Nations Human Rights Council subsequently convened an independent , international commission of inquiry , which concluded that Israel , and to a lesser extent Palestinian armed groups , had likely committed violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law , some constituting war crimes .	7	contact.discussion.meet
Queensland ’s policing minister Bill Byrne called for calm after Smail Ayad allegedly stabbed Mia Ayliffe - Chung to death at the Shelley ’s Backpacker hostel in the small town of Home Hill on Tuesday evening .	13	conflict.attack.stabbing
And that is a scandal , both because it can be prevented by a single inoculation and also because yellow fever now risks spreading to Asia , where it has never before taken hold .	20	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Nattily dressed in a seersucker suit and red suspenders , he was roaming the bar of Cleveland 's Renaissance hotel , posing for fan photos .	12	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
“ Something like that could never be enacted so I can ignore it , ” Ahmed said .	7	government.legislate.legislate
The Washington Post ’s Tom Hamburger reported last October that Pinchuk had used his Clinton Foundation connections to get a meeting with a “ top Clinton aide ” at State , but that ’s hardly all his $ 8 million bought .	40	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
" He 's not part of our national security or foreign policy briefings we do now at all , " said Conway , who was hired in August .	25	personnel.startposition.n/a
But that centre has been damaged by the war — while some of its functions continue , and its cold storage still works , it has been unable to provide the seeds that are needed by the rest of the Middle East , as it once did .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Earlier , a statement attributed to the military said that Turkish armed forces have " fully seized control " of the country .	16	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
He also promised greater security measures will be announced in the coming days	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Syrians evacuated from Fuaa and Kafraya , two Shiite villages under rebel siege , are welcomed by pro - government forces as they arrive in Jibrin , on the eastern outskirts of Aleppo .	1	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
An unnamed man , part of an alleged gang of smugglers , was arrested and accused of two counts of smuggling .	20	movement.transportartifact.hide
( Faiz Siddiqui ) The Department of Homeland Security said it is investigating the hacking of Leslie Jones ’ website , after a torrent of the comedian ’s personal info – including her driver ’s license , passport and intimate photos , was exposed online .	12	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
The man who would be commander - in - chief was unfamiliar with Hassan Nasrallah , the Hezbollah leader who has been murdering Americans for over 30 years ; Ayman al - Zawahiri , Osama bin Laden ’s longtime deputy who has quite notoriously commanded al - Qaeda since the network ’s leader was killed by U.S. forces in 2011 ; and Abu Bakr al - Baghdadi , self - proclaimed caliph of the Islamic State ( ISIS ) and a jihadist so globally notorious that many teenagers are aware of him .	70	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Those were not difficult to discern in your commencement address at Howard University on May 7 , in which you strongly advocated the same basic policy approaches as those espoused by one Democratic presidential candidate – Hillary Clinton .	21	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn John CornynDems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo MORE ( R - Texas ) on Thursday threw his weight behind a bill from Sen. Cory Gardner Cory GardnerThese GOP senators need to stand up to their party on healthcare Trump having lunch with senators to talk healthcare McCain strikes back as Trump ’s chief critic MORE ( R - Colo . ) that would “ prohibit any officer or employee of the federal government who has exercised extreme carelessness in the handling of classified information from being granted or retaining a security clearance . ”	19	manufacture.artifact.n/a
for the crime of wanting to talk to him without an appointment by blaming those arrested	15	movement.transportperson.preventexit
“ One , 86 years old , was stabbed in the back three times and is in the intensive care unit .	8	conflict.attack.stabbing
In Rome , you either burned incense to Caesar , or you were executed .	13	life.die.n/a
The “ nuclear option ” would be an embargo on Russian energy exports .	12	movement.transportartifact.n/a
If you were blackmailed or extorted by the Bush or Clinton families , you only need to swear to it under oath and most all Americans can forgive and forget .	3	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Fico announced “ shifts in ( the ) Slovak position to the EU migration crisis ” in the light of the New Year ’s eve rampage in the centre of Cologne , during which 90 women reported being robbed , threatened or sexually molested by young , mostly drunk , men , described by some of the victims as North Africans .	38	conflict.attack.n/a
The essence of the crime is the willful untruth of a material statement made when under oath .	16	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
In his 1944 State of the Union address — part of which he called a “ second Bill of Rights ” — he invoked the founders ’ spirit and asked Congress to establish the right to “ useful and remunerative ” employment ; a regular paycheck that provides “ adequate food and clothing and recreation ” and ensures “ a decent living ” ; adequate housing , education and medical care ; and “ protection from the economic fears of old age , sickness , accident and unemployment . ” Today , most conservatives accept that the government is responsible for some public welfare , universal education , Social Security and even some job creation and health care .	83	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
( Andres Martinez Casares / Reuters ) Men transport a wounded woman in Chantal , Haiti .	8	movement.transportartifact.fall
Appearing on NBC ’s “ Today ” show on March 13 , he said that the land grab — which Obama and top European leaders denounced as a gross violation of international law — “ should never have happened . ”	16	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
After Hanley left the State Department in 2014 , she realized she still had the laptop in her desk drawer , and she mailed it back to Platte River Network with directions to migrate the emails back to Clinton ’s existing server and return the MacBook to Clinton ’s current aide .	33	movement.transportperson.n/a
But it appears Assange wants to puncture the narrative that he 's a cat 's paw for Russian President Vladimir Putin , and that to do so he has seized upon an unsolved homicide in Washington , D.C.	33	life.die.n/a
“ We are not going to confirm the authenticity of stolen documents released by Julian Assange , who has made no secret of his desire to damage Hillary Clinton , ” said Glen Caplin , a campaign spokesman .	26	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
On Nov 12 , 1999 President Bill Clinton Bill ClintonTrump legal team spokesman used Twitter to criticize Trump Jonathan Taplin misses the mark on corporate dominance in tech Senate GOP shifts focus to Lynch MORE signed into law legislation that repealed Glass - Steagall .	35	government.legislate.legislate
and the Arab intelligence agencies relied on Jordanian security services to transport the weapons , many bought in bulk in the Balkans and elsewhere around Eastern Europe .	11	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Moscow says NATO 's response is just a cover for encroaching on its borders , while Washington builds a European missile defence shield which undercuts Russia 's nuclear deterrent .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
However , interviews with tax lawyers and officials in Canada cast doubt on assertions that the partnership was necessary to confer a tax benefit ; an examination shows that for many donors it was not needed , and in any event , since 2010 , Canadians could have donated to the foundation directly and received the same tax break .	2	contact.discussion.correspondence
Trump has been advocating violence and oppression directly and indirectly against literally billions of people for months on end and inching closer to the power that will allow him to execute it every day .	3	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Communication between the U.S. and Russian militaries on Syria has been limited to contacts aimed at avoiding an accidental clash as they carry out rival bombing campaigns and small numbers of U.S. forces operate on the ground .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The second investigation is focused on allegations of “ pay - to - play ” efforts in which Clinton traded policy or other official actions in return for contributions by foreign donors to the foundation .	2	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
( New York Times ) Two small bush planes are flying to the South Pole this week in a high - stakes rescue mission to evacuate sick employees in the middle of the Antarctic winter .	26	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Chelsea Clinton also waded into the debate on Thursday , criticizing Trump ’s remarks about a “ presidential look . ”	6	contact.negotiate.n/a
Mobile phones are already prohibited in cabinet meetings in the UK , and extending the injunction to smartwatches is logical .	15	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
But the zeal with which many have seized on a foreign explanation for a domestic problem sets a worrying precedent for how any future event or movement that challenges our understanding may be processed , in a time when malevolent actors , foreign or domestic , can influence perceptions more easily than ever , and we can all see it unfold in real time .	7	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Additionally , the bank lent $ 32 million to the foundation to jump - start its entrepreneurship and inner - city loan program , and Bill Clinton received $ 1.5 million to do question - and - answer sessions with UBS Wealth Management Chief Executive Bob McCann .	4	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
The same pictures were also included in the final conclusions of the initial Dutch - led international investigation , which determined in October that the flight was shot down by the Russian - made missile , fired from an area in eastern Ukraine held by pro - Russian separatists .	17	justice.investigate.n/a
Thousands also died in massacres	4	conflict.attack.n/a
After losing a major court battle with another Russian oligarch — Roman Abramovich — Berezovsky hanged himself in 2013 .	15	conflict.attack.n/a
All 298 people on board , most of them Dutch , were killed .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" Fewer people would have died in the Holocaust if the world had accepted more Jewish refugees , " she added .	8	life.die.n/a
The Clinton campaign blasted the FBI director , James Comey , for “ jaw - dropping ” double standards on Monday after claims that he had sought to withhold evidence of Russian support for Donald Trump for fear of influencing next week ’s US election .	3	conflict.attack.n/a
“ Qatar can borrow relatively cheaply on the international bank market as there is huge collateral with the Qatar sovereign fund , ” said Stéphane Audrand of the consultancy Sylmaris .	3	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
In my experience , many of these well - meaning individuals imagine they are voting for a bold , progressive changemaker who wo n’t pander to special interests and who will demonstrate the knowledge and political courage to enact real reform .	38	government.legislate.legislate
Russian officials insist it is to tackle terrorism and is aimed at Islamic hate preaching .	14	contact.mediastatement.n/a
As a businessman , he knew how to find a niche market , and exploit it for every penny and outrage vote that he could get .	21	government.vote.castvote
Charges were filed in the fall of 2015 and the trial began on Monday , according to his lawyer .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Clinton said she will protect allies and treaty partners in the region including equipping them with missile defense systems .	7	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The organization of the pre - burial procedures was conducted in accordance with all religious and military procedures . ”	6	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
But " we also demonstrate our utmost transparency and willingness to negotiate , " the Ukrainian leader added .	11	contact.negotiate.meet
Erdogan expressed fear that Russia is trying to encroach on the Black Sea and treat it as a “ Russian lake . ”	8	conflict.attack.invade
He combines that pitch with Trumpian vows to secure the border and reject a “ new normal ” that , he says , sees riots on the streets and “ cops assassinated on the beat ” , while sneering liberal elites “ live behind high walls with armed guards ” .	6	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The Russian foreign ministry statement , which follows a North Korean threat to “ annihilate ” the US and South Korea , also criticises Washington and Seoul for launching the largest joint military drills yet to be held on the peninsula .	14	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Europe gets about one - third of its energy supplies from Russia , so any such embargo would deal a severe blow to already struggling European economies .	16	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
“ He has expressed support for building a wall between the US and Mexico ; for torturing suspected terrorists and killing their families ( and ) for Mr. Putin ’s dictatorial leadership . ”	16	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The whole point of releasing tax returns is to create some transparency — letting voters know where your financial interests lie , where you may have conflicts of interest , whether you have paid an appropriate share of taxes , whether you have , in fact , donated money to charities .	47	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
In the past four years , people working for the organization have smuggled more than six hundred thousand government documents out of Syria , many of them from top - secret intelligence facilities .	12	movement.transportartifact.hide
In stoking a national debate about secret domestic surveillance programs , but he should still return to the U.S. to stand trial , former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a podcast released on Monday .	21	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
These GOP elites have every right to deploy whatever rules or procedural roadblocks they can muster , and they should refuse to be intimidated .	12	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Inflation reached 12.5 % in 2015 while real wages kept dropping , leaving many people much worse off .	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
A new Breitbart / Gravis poll released Wednesday shows that more than two - thirds of registered voters oppose President Barack Obama ’s surrender of control over the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) to a multi - stakeholder group that includes foreign governments .	23	conflict.yield.surrender
Maybe as a result of Trump , the party ’s “ fever may break . ” I understand the argument ’s allure , but it ’s reckless .	11	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
A law enforcement source , speaking on condition of anonymity because of pending legal matters , confirmed that prosecutors did not know that Kaplan had established an offshore company in the British Virgin Islands in 2004 called SGA Wireless .	25	government.formation.startgpe
A third bomb failed to detonate and was destroyed by the security services .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
Trump on Tuesday told CNN affiliate WFOR in Miami that he has " nothing to do with Russia whatsoever , " including no loans from Russian banks or investors .	23	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Turkey blackmailed EU : either € 3bn per year & EU accession or we send buses full with refugees to Europe	1	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
While the interviews were not technically conducted “ under oath ” — lying to federal agents is itself a crime , as is obstruction of justice — they do open a uniquely candid window into how the decisions around Hillary Clinton ’s email server unfolded .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
He vowed to reverse China 's " assault on America 's jobs and wealth " and to use America 's " economic power " over China to bring Beijing into line .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
“ I promise you ! ”	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
According to a 2015 study by Military Court Watch , a nongovernmental group , just 3 percent of Palestinian children arrested in the West Bank reported that their parents were present throughout their interrogation by security forces .	20	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Syrian troops on Thursday entered the ancient city of Palmyra , which had been controlled by IS since last May , and clashes were ongoing in the city .	22	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Keeping Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon was among the United States ’ top priorities , and in June 2010 Russia signed off on a United Nations resolution imposing tough new sanctions on that country .	3	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Any lie and any materially misleading statement -- and she is prone to both -- made to the FBI can form the basis for an independent criminal charge against her .	27	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
According to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , Washington asked Russia not to target Al - Nusra Front precisely because the terrorist group is sharing territory with some “ moderate ” opposition groups that might also potentially be hit in airstrikes .	40	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Clinton is the underdog against the other GOP hopefuls , Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE and Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE , in other theoretical pairings in the new poll .	62	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
It was also intended as a jolt to Assad , by then so emboldened at the way Russia and Iran had transformed his weak position that he was announcing plans to recapture all of Syria .	28	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Something similar happened in 2012 , when Trump himself won an auction for a football helmet autographed by football player Tim Tebow , then a quarterback with the Denver Broncos .	11	transaction.transferownership.purchase
On top of his notorious pledge to ban Muslims , the candidate suggested that America would stop buying Saudi oil unless Riyadh provided troops to fight Isis .	17	transaction.transferownership.purchase
To this end we think the AU should — er — agree a common tariff against imports from the poorer countries of South America and have free movement of peoples within but not from outside the union .	16	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Saudi Arabia paid the Podesta Group an initial “ project fee ” of $ 200,000 , along with unspecified further payment , according to documents filed with the Justice Department Foreign Agents Registration Act office .	20	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
This woman was executed for escaping her family ’s house after an ISIS jihadist asked for her hand in marriage and her father agreed , ” Raafat al - Zarari , head of the Nineveh Media Centre , told ARA News .	3	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In growth rates , Florida ranked eighth , seventh and third respectively in those three years . ” On Trump ’s adamancy he never went bankrupt : “ Trump personally has not gone “ bankrupt ” but as a result of his corporate bankruptcy restructurings , he did have to give up personal assets to help make loan payments , and his equity stake in various casinos was greatly reduced . ”	58	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Back in the barn , Trump mentions " Dwyane Wade 's cousin " again and then plunges into an even more protracted and detailed plea for the black vote .	16	movement.transportartifact.n/a
“ Stab them , shoot them , poison them , and run them down with your vehicles .	1	conflict.attack.stabbing
The UN Working Group ruled that Assange ought never to have been arrested in the UK in the first place because there is no case , and no genuine investigation .	29	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Far from not attacking anyone in Europe , about 10,000 people have perished in eastern Ukraine in a war that the Kremlin kicked off and sustained .	12	life.die.n/a
“ We pay tribute to the firefighter who lost his life fighting the blaze .	13	conflict.attack.setfire
For this reason , Clinton has supported the National Security Agency ’s surveillance programs and supports the jailing of whistle - blower Edward Snowden .	17	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
The report added that UK and its Nato allies were “ scrambling to catch up ” with Russia ’s ability to use electronic means to hijack enemy drones and disrupt other military transmissions .	25	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Fico announced “ shifts in ( the ) Slovak position to the EU migration crisis ” in the light of the New Year ’s eve rampage in the centre of Cologne , during which 90 women reported being robbed , threatened or sexually molested by young , mostly drunk , men , described by some of the victims as North Africans .	40	contact.threatencoerce.meet
U.S. officials questioned Russian and Syrian claims that their aim in evacuating civilians from Aleppo was to clear the way for humanitarian assistance to reach the besieged city , where 200,000 - 300,000 civilians remain with only two to three weeks of food on hand .	11	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
“ We expect revenge bombing by the regime , including , possibly , chemical weapons , ” said Zaher Sahloul , a Syrian - American doctor who coordinates medical aid in the city .	4	conflict.attack.bombing
" Pakistan will not have a bright future until and unless it goes after the Taliban , " Olson said , adding that in that sense it needs consolidation of its anti - terrorist actions against these groups . Taliban , he said , has consolidated itself under the new leadership . There clearly is a role for other countries in the region , but for the moment the challenge is to keep the negotiations going . Responding to a question , Olson said Pakistan remains committed to the peace process and this needs to be encouraged . He also urged Pakistan to use its relationship to bring the Taliban to the peace table .	100	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Switching to Russian , he said : " The Ukrainian Army is stronger than it was [ at the start of the war ] , and we are ready to die if it is necessary .	30	life.die.n/a
July 11 , 2015 -- A -- A car bomb explodes outside the Italian Consulate in Cairo , killing at least one person and injuring nine others .	10	conflict.attack.bombing
Nearly six million Americans can not vote due to felony disenfranchisement .	6	government.vote.castvote
Burt recommended that Trump take a more “ realist , ” less interventionist approach to world affairs , as first reported by Reuters .	1	contact.requestadvise.meet
Hillary Clinton ’s FBI investigation may have just moved one step closer to an indictment for the Democratic front - runner , with experts saying the extradition of a Romanian hacker who revealed her unsecured email server could spell deep trouble for Clinton ’s presidential campaign .	26	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Then in 1980 , it was rumored that Ronald Reagan was so worried that incumbent President Jimmy Carter might secure the release of the 52 American hostages being held in Iran right before the election , either with negotiations or covert military action — which would have had potentially swung the race for him — that he , some have speculated , may have negotiated with Iranian officials for a release that would occur under his own watch .	64	contact.discussion.meet
Branding himself a democratic socialist , Sanders galvanized young and liberal voters with his calls to rein in Wall Street and eradicate income inequality .	21	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Russia and China should not be “ subjected to threats of deploying nuclear weapons , ” former Cuban President Fidel Castro said in a letter published on his 90th birthday , urging for peace .	31	contact.commandorder.correspondence
The West should work with its “ allies ” in Kiev , President Putin has said , adding that direct dialogue between the parties to the conflict should be promoted .	20	contact.discussion.n/a
Whatever caused the aircraft to crash , the tragedy will most likely deepen Egypt 's difficult predicament as it struggles to revive a battered economy and contain an increasingly resilient insurgency by Islamic militants .	23	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
In the period covered by the payment list , Manafort worked for former Ukrainian President Viktor F. Yanukovych , who was supportive of Russia 's President Vladimir Putin and was ousted in 2014 .	30	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
While the East of England voted to leave , Cambridge bucked the trend by voting overwhelmingly to stay .	5	government.legislate.legislate
Rep. Randy Weber ( R - Texas ) also called for her to resign , while Sen. Marco Rubio ( R - Fla . ) , who suspended his own presidential campaign in March , said Ginsburg 's comments “ crossed the line . ”	13	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Unhelpfully for Trump , his most senior adviser with knowledge of the world of hacking , retired Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency , told Bloomberg View that he “ would not be surprised at all ” to learn that Russia was behind the breach of the DNC network .	16	personnel.endposition.n/a
While not directly addressing the Tel Abyad attack , 14 Turkish F-16s patrolled the Turkish - Syrian border on Friday , Turkish military said .	3	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
While a founding principle of WikiLeaks was that its editors would not know the identity of those who supplied them with documents , the U.S. intelligence community said earlier this month that it “ is confident that the Russian government directed the recent compromises of emails ” later provided to the site , in order “ to interfere with the U.S. election process . ” Intelligence officials have not disclosed evidence to support their attribution of responsibility to Russia , but private cybersecurity experts who investigated the hacking of the Democratic National Committee ’s servers pointed to what they called strong circumstantial evidence .	85	justice.investigate.n/a
Voter intimidation by gangs of Clinton thugs will be given the response that the situation will be “ investigated . ” In modern day Government usage “ investigation ” is simply a euphemism for “ we intend to do nothing . ”	0	government.vote.violationspreventvote
The US government seized the copyright in September 1942 during World War II under wartime laws , and in 1979 Houghton Mifflin , the US publisher of the book , bought the rights from the government .	30	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Berlin ( AFP ) - Germany 's parliament votes Thursday on a resolution that brands the massacre of Armenians by Ottoman forces as genocide , drawing a clear warning from Turkey 's president that it would harm ties .	16	life.die.n/a
The group has also killed dozens of people who tried to escape the city of Manbij .	11	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Caesar ’s team sometimes catalogued more than fifty corpses a day — emaciated , mutilated , cut , burned , shot , beaten , strangled , broken , melted .	24	conflict.attack.n/a
The prime minister confirmed Australian aircraft were involved in the coalition exercise but pulled out when Russian officials advised the targets may have been Syrian military personnel .	18	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Some members of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's right - wing government openly dismiss the idea of a Palestinian state , suggesting Israel should annex what is known as Area C of the West Bank , which makes up over 60 percent of the territory and is where nearly all Israel 's settlements are located .	25	government.formation.n/a
Hackers calling themselves Shadow Brokers started an auction for the malware last week .	7	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the CIA 's help .	6	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
But Donald Trump only hires the best people .	4	personnel.startposition.hiring
Amnesty and other groups have also accused the Syrian government and its Russian backers of killing hundreds or thousands of civilians in indiscriminate bombing .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Sensing an opening , Trump sent out a flurry of tweets criticizing Sanders for shifting his support to Clinton – and urging Sanders supporters to “ fight . ”	21	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
In South American cities yellow fever was once kept at bay by mosquito - control measures .	5	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
They should be put on trial , ” Kadyrov said .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
This week , The Weekly Standard reported that key members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , including its chairman , Sen. Bob Corker , were not told about wire payments to Iran , even after Obama said the United States had to send cash because such wire payments were not possible .	30	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Iranians , for example , are eager to know if the landmark nuclear deal painstakingly negotiated for years and finally agreed to last July between Iran and six world powers will be “ torn up , ” as some Republican candidates have promised .	15	contact.discussion.n/a
Time Magazine on Thursday reported that the chairman of the Republican National Committee , Reince Priebus , had threatened to withdraw funding from the Trump campaign , and instead direct it to Congressional campaigns .	21	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
The California visit represents just a small part of the over $ 300,000 in flights , vehicle charges , meals and hotel stays Stutzman 's campaign fund has spent since the tea party - backed Republican went to Washington in 2010 on a pledge to oppose special interests … roughly three times more than Rep. Todd Young , his GOP Senate rival in the May 3 primary who joined the House about the same time . ”	43	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Mogilevich was once on the FBI ’s top 10 most wanted list , has an Interpol Red Notice out for his arrest , and the FBI says publicly he is " involved in weapons trafficking , contract murders , extortion , drug trafficking , and prostitution on an international scale . "	34	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
He was killed when police detonated an explosive .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
But most aid shipments envisaged under the truce have yet to go in .	3	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
The text of the agreement further states that all arms , ammunition , and equipment necessary to sustain the Russian units shall be imported free of any charge .	23	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
But that was not the game plan , and when I recommended it , Gen. Franks called Mr. Rumsfeld — as he should have , because I was sort of out of my channel at that point , general to general , not secretary of state to general — and Don ’s reaction , according to Tommy Franks in his memoir , is , “ Well , I ’m glad Gen. Powell has raised this , Secretary Powell has raised this , and let ’s discuss it with the president at the next meeting . ” And at the next meeting , it was discussed .	11	contact.requestadvise.meet
WASHINGTON The FBI is investigating suspected attempts to hack mobile phones used by Democratic Party officials as recently as the past month , four people with direct knowledge of the attack and the investigation told Reuters .	4	justice.investigate.n/a
Delayed travel grants will now be paid to athletes , but 10 countries may struggle to get teams to Rio .	2	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
--By Elaine Ganley and Lori Hinnant _ _ _ 4:20 p.m. Paris police say a security operation is underway in the Champs - Elysees shopping district and are urging people to avoid the area .	28	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
“ The Muslim migrants arriving to Europe are for the most part not refugees but job seekers who belong to what is de facto an invasion , ” Rom , nee Norbert Kurtzman , told JTA after the Russia premiere of the film “ The Children of Tehran ” in the city of Kazan during its Limmud FSU conference of Jewish learning . “The attempts to pass off the new arrivals , people who left and in many cases participated in a murderous civil war , as refugees and then to liken their experiences to what Holocaust survivors had to endure is false , ” Rom , who survived the Holocaust with his sister , said last month . The rebuke by Rom , a supporter of the left - wing Meretz party and one of the founders of Kibbutz Afikim , followed the publication in August of an op - ed in The New York Times titled “ Anne Frank Today Is a Syrian Girl , ” in which the journalist and two - time Pulitzer Prize winner Nicholas Kristof argued that the reasons for the opposition to absorbing Jewish Holocaust refugees in the United States “ were the same as they are for rejecting Syrians or Hondurans today . ”While some European Jews have repeated the analogy , others have been careful to avoid it amid the arrival to Europe of 1.5 million immigrants since 2015 from the war - torn Middle East and Africa .	191	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
US President Barack Obama urged Abe to cancel his scheduled trip to Russia in a telephone conversation on February 9 , as the United States seeks to isolate Moscow over its actions in Ukraine and Syria , Kyodo News agency reported , citing unnamed diplomatic sources .	4	contact.commandorder.broadcast
On Wednesday , Trump ’s wife , Melania , released a letter from her attorney , who attested with “ 100 % certainty ” that she had immigrated legally from Slovenia , following several news stories scrutinizing how she entered and worked in the United States before gaining citizenship .	27	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
She has favored one war of choice after the next : bombing Belgrade ( 1999 ) ; invading Iraq ( 2003 ) ; toppling Qaddafi ( 2011 ) ; funding Jihadists in Syria ( 2011 till now ) .	17	conflict.attack.invade
While Israel has generally hewed to a policy of nonintervention in the internal fighting in Syria , it has acted to prevent weapons shipments from Syria to Lebanon but has rarely admitted responsibility for the strikes , in part to avoid pushing the other side to retaliate .	23	movement.transportartifact.n/a
If he were president , Donald Trump — who likes to say he does n't spend a lot of time conferring with others ( " My primary consultant is myself , " he declared in March)—would be free to launch a civilization - ending nuclear war on his own any time he chose .	20	contact.discussion.n/a
I 'm never voting for a political dynasty that incarcerated more Americans than any presidency in history , because unlike Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders does n't take prison lobbyist donations and addressed prison reform long before 2016 .	9	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
" Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer , fairer , and stronger , ” she said , going after Trump for what Democrats argue is his attempt to drive wedges between blocs of voters and reiterating themes echoed throughout the week that Clinton 's party is better able to bring disparate groups together and protect their interests .	41	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Obama warned that if Russia did not help deliver Syrian President Bashar al - Assad for a ceasefire deal in his civil - war wracked country , it would expose itself as an irresponsible actor on the world stage .	17	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Russia ’s Defense Ministry has bluntly warned the U.S. not to intervene , threatening to shoot down any aircraft targeting Assad ’s forces .	13	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Give me a list of political prisoners and I will release them immediately , " Castro said defensively when asked by CNN 's Jim Acosta why his government was incarcerating dissidents .	29	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The chief administrative officer of the House has also sent an email stating that the House computer system has not been compromised , but urged members and staff to be vigilant about opening emails and websites .	24	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
The Syrian Army bombarded what little territory these rebels controlled .	3	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
The father , in spare moments between his three jobs , built a four - bedroom house out of cinder blocks he acquired two or three at a time from Home Depot , working sometimes late into the night .	11	manufacture.artifact.build
In the furious exchanges that followed , Mahony accused Justo of blackmail .	11	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Russian airstrikes targeted the base of U.S.-backed Syrian fighters near the Jordanian border earlier this week , according to U.S. defense officials , prompting the most aggressive response from the Pentagon since Russia began its air campaign over Syria last year .	1	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" It is naïve to think that somehow we can have a productive relationship with Russia when Russia is engaging in territorial land grabs over the last two years . "	22	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Trump boasts of playing the political game by donating to politicians to “ buy ” their favor on his issues .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Hungary borrowed € 20 billion loan to avoid becoming insolvent during the economic crisis in 2008 .	1	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
In less ambitious news , CRRC also announced plans to develop maglev trains that travel at just 200 km / h , hoping to provide a more energy conscious form of medium to high - speed transport around the globe , as well as high - speed trains that can run at 400 km / h and alternate between different track gauges , making crossing borders a breeze , Xinhua reports .	36	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Trump has called on Moscow to hack into Clinton 's computers , downplayed criticism of Putin 's authoritarian tendencies , tried to suggest that Russia has n't hacked US systems and promoted foreign policy positions that jibe more closely with Moscow 's than Washington 's .	22	contact.requestadvise.n/a
If scientists confirm the explosion was due to a meteorite , it would be the first recorded human fatality due to a falling space rock .	4	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Saudi Arabia remains an important American ally but is not entirely trusted — even by the U.S. State Department — and has been cited by Human Rights Watch for cracking down on dissidents , repressing women and religious minorities and subjecting hundreds a year to unfair trials , arbitrary detention and execution by beheading .	51	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
It ’s a tooth that punctures through meat and bones . ”	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
After one of those briefings , Senate minority leader Harry Reid wrote FBI Director James Comey , citing reports of meetings between a Trump adviser ( a reference to Page ) and “ high ranking sanctioned individuals ” in Moscow over the summer as evidence of “ significant and disturbing ties ” between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin that needed to be investigated by the bureau .	35	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Extradition proceedings in Czech courts could see the suspect turned over to face possible charges in the United States .	0	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
( June 30 ) AP 6 of 19 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE SUICIDE ATTACK AT ISTANBUL AIRPORT Obama , Pena Nieto talk Turkey , immigration | 2:25 The leaders of the United States , Canada and Mexico convened a summit Wednesday intended to reaffirm their close cooperation at a time of rising extremist threats around the globe and isolationist calls in the American presidential campaign .	41	contact.discussion.n/a
All of the candidates on the stage were just there to continue the Obama project , which has wrecked the country , by another name .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
The coffin was then placed on the gun carriage of an open - topped truck , and the funeral procession slowly moved through streets lined with mourners to a local cemetery .	18	contact.funeralvigil.meet
He said that countries who provide aid to Palestine , including the United States , are " complicit " in inciting terrorism because the Palestinian Authority uses foreign donations to subsidize terrorists and their families .	5	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
They offer a glimpse at one of the most sought - after troves of information in the 2016 presidential race — and an explanation , perhaps , for why Mrs. Clinton has steadfastly refused demands by Mr. Sanders and Donald J. Trump , her Republican rival , to release them .	34	contact.commandorder.meet
The Russian president has embraced and perfected the use of lies for geopolitical advantage , pursued and murdered his opponents in foreign capitals , invaded neighbors openly as well as by stealth , intervened in other countries ’ elections , and flouted the rules governing international trade and sports .	10	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Earlier , Comey said in an internal message to FBI employees that " we do n't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations , but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed . "	35	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
TRUMP : “ I ’ve borrowed knowing that you can pay back with discounts ...	5	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
“ We regret to note that the United States continues to enthusiastically play the anti - Russian sanctions game , ” the Russian Federation ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement published on its website this week .	17	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
However , now after 5 years of war , and 2 years since the massacre at Kessab , the detail of the rape of elderly Armenian women by the American supported and sponsored moderate rebels is now coming forth in loud voices , so that history will not be allowed to repeat itself .	22	life.injure.n/a
One email written by a senior official mentioned the server .	1	contact.collaborate.correspondence
“ When I hear folks say that , well , maybe we should just admit the Christians but not the Muslims ; when I hear political leaders suggesting that there would be a religious test for which person who ’s fleeing from a war - torn country is admitted , ” Obama told the assembled reporters , “ that ’s not American .	45	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Currently there are 50 confirmed fatalities , including the gunman , and 53 injured .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It 's a wider lead than her win in the second debate but not as strong as her first debate win .	11	contact.discussion.n/a
Clinton ’s proposals — such as raising the minimum wage , improving paid family leave , refinancing student loans , and expanding the child tax credit — reflect her desire to expand opportunity for all Americans .	18	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
When he talked about how Hillary Clinton as secretary of state and Obama were out - negotiated by the Russians in terms of the New START nuclear arms treaty , how they ’ve been out - maneuvered by Russia in Syria ever since the conflict began there , right after the Arab Spring in 2011 – that ’s what I think Trump means when he talks about Putin being a strong leader , compared to Obama and his foreign policy , which is weak , and which Hillary would continue . ”	28	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
“ He threatens our allies , he denigrates democracy right here at home .	2	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
had closed the investigation after determining that no one should face criminal charges .	3	justice.investigate.n/a
BEIRUT Islamic State fighters have captured the pilot of a Syrian warplane which crashed southeast of Damascus on Friday , a news agency affiliated to the militant group said .	5	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Japan had begun negotiating a surrender with Russia and Washington found that unacceptable .	3	contact.discussion.n/a
Repeatedly , he made it clear that he felt the United States needed to be financially reimbursed for its support and protection .	16	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Kaine made the remarks on the first day of North Carolina 's early voting period , and prefaced them by attacking the state legislature 's passage of a voter ID bill that was struck down by federal courts after a lawsuit found evidence that its advocates wanted to suppress the black vote .	45	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The purge of the 50 senior officers who were members of the Baltic Fleet , according to The Maritime Executive , “ followed a month - long audit by the Kremlin ” in the wake of the collision between a Polish patrol boat and a Russian submarine .	37	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
In the run - up to the ceasefire Russia was accused of deliberately hitting hospitals and civilian infrastructure .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
He raised taxes 11 times after his initial tax cuts caused the deficit to explode ; he struck a deal to save Social Security , which he had previously wanted to undermine by making it voluntary ; he struck an immigration deal with amnesty for almost 3 million “ illegal immigrants ; ” he negotiated with the Soviets , even coming close to abolishing nuclear weapons .	54	contact.discussion.correspondence
The Dec. 30 indictment superseded charges he originally faced when arrested two weeks after the Dec. 2 shootings carried out by Farook and his wife , Tashfeen Malik , at a building where Farook 's colleagues from the San Bernardino county health department were meeting .	10	movement.transportperson.preventexit
" While the increase in funding for Europe is significant , the administration is proposing that the money come out of a separate war - funding account that is meant to pay for operations in the conflicts in Iraq and Syria , as well as the continued US military presence in Afghanistan .	14	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
The Kremlin said there was little hope for the ceasefire 's renewal , state television Russia 24 reported .	9	government.agreements.n/a
In a widely panned speech at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ’s ( AIPAC ) annual meeting on Monday , Clinton pledged her undying loyalty to Israel , promised to go to war with Iran if necessary , and implied the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions Movement was anti - Semitic .	42	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
But also , there are a lot of individuals who have been captured , arrested , have been detained , have been debriefed .	18	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The Afghan troop debate , a three - month drama of dueling egos , leaked documents and endless deliberations , is typically framed as a test of wills between the Pentagon ’s wily military commanders and an inexperienced young president , with Joe Biden playing the role of devil ’s advocate for Obama .	50	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Although the biographical details are correct , the BBC 's Thomas Fessy in Jerusalem notes that the document does not say how and when Mr Abbas would have been recruited , whether he was paid , and how long he might have worked for the KGB .	29	personnel.startposition.hiring
The women describe gruesome public executions with extremists shooting their victims , decapitating them and putting their heads on sticks and leaving their bodies in the road to be run over .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Democratic Party leaders have fretted about how to best oppose Trump , who managed to knock out all 16 rivals for the Republican nomination in part with his uninhibited style of assailing them with personal insults .	31	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
or destroy evidence to keep it from being publicly archived as required under federal law , ” he added .	1	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The third key ally would be Turkey , which has repeatedly demanded a no - fly zone .	11	contact.commandorder.n/a
It in fact issued its first bond in 2011 , borrowing off the global markets .	10	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Following a contentious and later debunked claim Sanders supporters “ incited violence and chaos ” at a Nevada caucus ( and threw chairs ) , former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz both reiterated the now - debunked “ chair ” claim and at the thirty - second mark stated that campaign neutrality was part of the DNC ’s charter :	32	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Clinton friends James and Susan McDougal went to jail for fraud ( James died while serving his sentence ) , as did former Arkansas Gov.	8	movement.transportperson.preventexit
So far , the unifying theme of Trump ’s convention is that the leader of the opposition party should be thrown in jail .	22	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He made a couple of passable quips and managed a decent response to a corny , tail - end question about what he liked in Mrs Clinton , even if his answer — that she never quit — contradicted his claim that she lacked the stamina to be president .	36	personnel.endposition.n/a
The Syrian Air Force then bombed YPG targets , killing several Kurdish civilians while others fled the city .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
-- An ex - National Guardsman from Northern Virginia pleaded guilty to attempting to provide support to Islamic State militants .	10	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
My expectation that Hillary Clinton would be indicted for her criminal mistreatment of classified information was the same as my expectation that the world would suddenly stop spinning on its axis .	7	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
The Islamic State group claimed slain shooter Omar Mateen was acting as ' one of the soldiers of the caliphate in America ' when he attacked the Pulse club in the Florida resort city , an assault that ended when police stormed the venue .	5	life.die.n/a
To sum up our concern regarding how all this plays out , if you order the Justice Department and FBI to pursue the investigation with “ all deliberate speed , ” so to speak , and Secretary Clinton becomes president , the juicy email secrets in the hidden hands of the NSA and FBI are likely to give those already powerful institutions a capacity for blackmail that would make J. Edgar Hoover ’s mouth water .	65	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Clinton stressed that she has more military backing than rival Donald Trump , who touted endorsements from 88 retired U.S. generals and admirals earlier in the week .	18	personnel.endposition.quitretire
" At this stage to say they will come back to negotiate tomorrow would be close to day - dreaming ...	11	contact.discussion.correspondence
According to a protective order petition , Deibler reportedly grabbed her and threw her into a wall , resulting in a sprained knee , head injury , bruises and a black eye .	27	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
This should probably be near the top [ of the list ] : Donald Trump has posted the list of people he would recommend for the Supreme Court .	23	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
During a recent visit to the Netherlands , Vladimir Klitschko , the brother of Kiev 's mayor and a central figure in the Maidan protests , urged the Dutch not to turn their backs on those who had " given their lives " for Maidan .	26	contact.commandorder.meet
Bill 's spokesman , Angel Urena , declined to comment Thursday on the ongoing protests .	14	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
“ Trump is a battered , bruised and angry candidate , and therefore more unpredictable than ever , ” Dan Balz writes .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
“ Free trade ” agreements would be replaced by “ fair trade ” agreements based on protection of workers , the environment , indigenous communities , and democracy .	13	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
“ Issuing injunctions against infringing websites does not address the root of the problem ; Russia should be investigating and prosecuting the operators of such sites .	2	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The Southern Poverty Law Center reports , " Johnson had been advocating for the deportation of all non - white immigrants and U.S. citizens , including anyone with any ' ascertainable trace of Negro blood , ' since 1985 , when he wrote a book arguing for a constitutional amendment to do just that . "	11	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Asked about the hold on the shipments , a senior U.S. official cited reports that the Saudi - led coalition used cluster bombs “ in areas in which civilians are alleged to have been present or in the vicinity . ”	6	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
4/11 Freedom of religion American missionary Kenneth Bae was one of the many people detained after trying to practice their religion .	14	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Police later backtracked on that theory , with the New York Daily News quoting police as saying that , “ there is no immediate indication that robbery was a motive in this attack . ” The victim ’s body showed signs of a significant struggle , and the assailants did not take his watch , wallet , phone or credit cards .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
He rented a minivan in Washington , loaded it full , and drove north on I-95 , meeting Cooper at the Clinton residence in Chappaqua .	1	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The Turkish military operation in Syria and ways to cooperate in providing aid to civilians in the city of Aleppo were discussed during the talks in Istanbul on Monday , Erdogan said .	11	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Trump 's threat to use federal power to hurt an opponent is very Nixonian but Nixon preferred firing special prosecutors to hiring them !	17	personnel.endposition.n/a
Freedomain Radio is 100 % funded by viewers like you .	5	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
“ In the USA in 2014 , African American men were more than five times more likely than white people to be incarcerated for drug offences in their lifetime , although there is no significant difference in rates of drug use among these populations .	22	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
When they were finally caught , base security did n’t even confiscate the videotape !	11	transaction.transaction.n/a
While there were several policy - based attacks on Obama ’s record , there were other attacks that called into question his religion , ( “ Obama ’s father was a Muslim and ( Obama ) grew up among Muslims in the world 's most populous Islamic country ” ) , his patriotism ( “ Obama did not cover his heart during the national anthem ” ) , and his integrity ( “ Obama benefited from a land deal from a contributor who has been indicted for corruption ” ) .	85	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
He asked why the United States is n’t fully reimbursed for the costs of such endeavors .	9	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Nicole Colson examines impact of the execution of a dissident cleric in Saudi Arabia -- and the hypocrisy of the U.S. government 's support for Saudi Arabia 's executioners .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Child sexual exploitation rings were actually allowed to continue abducting , raping , and torturing hundreds of children undisturbed for fifteen years — why ?	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ This bipartisan legislation was passed unanimously by both houses of Congress and would have allowed the families of the nearly 3,000 people slaughtered by radical Islamic terrorists on September 11 , 2001 , the opportunity to seek justice in an American court of law . ”	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
GOP Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE said he was sickened by what he heard from Trump , saying women are to be championed and revered , not objectified .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
It is difficult and dangerous to escape from Mosul , which Isis has held since capturing it from the Iraqi army in June 2014 .	15	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
“ The embargo is not on the Syrian government , it is against the Syrian people ”	2	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
During a new interview with the New York Times 's Maggie Haberman and Alexander Burns , he likened U.S. intervention in Syria to Syrian President Bashar al - Assad slaughtering his own people :	29	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Moreover , the day after the meltdowns , Japanese authorities evacuated some 150,000 people living within 20 kilometers of the plant , and a week later they started screening for contaminated food .	10	movement.transportperson.n/a
Now she 'll try to win the state that saved Bill Clinton 's candidacy in 1992 , and that threw her a lifeline in 2008 after Barack Obama humiliated her in Iowa .	19	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Finally , watch a tribute to Schlafly assembled by C - SPAN ( click here ) .	7	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Since 2002 , plaintiffs say that a cadre of government , military , police , and courts have been complicit in a land grabbing scheme that has effectively forced over 300,000 people to leave their homes .	22	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Behind the back of Bakhtiar , they convened an emergency meeting and declared neutrality .	7	contact.discussion.meet
" Nineteen states and the District of Columbia have banned the death penalty .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
… I ’m talking about the injustice , the outrage , of human trafficking , which must be called by its true name — modern slavery . ” The president added , “ When a little boy is kidnapped , turned into a child soldier , forced to kill or be killed — that ’s slavery .	13	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Washington publicly accused the Kremlin of cyberattacks on election systems and the democracy itself last Friday .	8	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
" I now have more endorsements from retired flag officers than any Democrat other than an incumbent president has ever had , " Clinton said following the endorsement .	7	personnel.endposition.n/a
Clinton released detailed medical records in the wake of her illness while Trump handed a one - page summary to Dr. Oz on his show — but his campaign declined to release details .	10	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
“ And the proliferation threat from Iran has , of course , been significantly diminished because of the international agreement to prevent them from obtaining a nuclear weapon . ”	24	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Rep. Jeff Barker , the Democrat who chairs the Oregon House Judiciary Committee , says “ The whack jobs — the militants — they were demanding to know the name of the officer that killed LaVoy , and they were going to kill him … . ” In a 2014 face - off at militia leader ’s Cliven Bundy ’s ranch in Nevada , officers stood down after armed people on bridges “ took sniper positions behind concrete barriers , their assault rifles aimed directly at the officers below , ” according to the Post … .	25	contact.commandorder.n/a
( Accusing Trump of asking the Russians to hack Clinton is “ such unmitigated bullshit , ” says Greenwald ; the candidate was merely “ trolling . ” ) Nation editor Katrina vanden Heuvel elsewhere warns that Democrats “ are on the verge of becoming the Cold War party , ” and admonishes her fellow progressives against “ turning the Orange Menace into a new Red Scare . ” A recent Paul Krugman column raising concerns about Trump ’s ideological consonance with Russian policy priorities constitutes , in the eyes of the World Socialist Web Site , “ a mission on behalf of the US military and intelligence complex in defense of Washington ’s core imperialist war strategy , ” probably the first time that the reliably liberal New York Times columnist has ever been accused of such calumnies .	135	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Asked at a debate last month to distinguish her wall from Trump ’s , Clinton pointed to size .	3	contact.discussion.n/a
( Never mind the fact that they ’re neutral and thus may also be providing aid to your own forces and innocent civilians caught up in the mix . )	14	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
While Israel and Turkey 's representatives are hard at work on normalizing ties , Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon on Tuesday accused Ankara of encouraging terrorism by buying oil from the Islamic State group .	26	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
To understand how the American government might buckle under this kind of stress , it ’s worth asking exactly what such a collision might really look like .	22	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
" Why would you evacuate a city that you wanted to send humanitarian aid to ? "	4	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
But agency officials disagree with this rationale , saying that the Islamic State ca n’t be eradicated until a new government emerges capable of controlling the terrorist group ’s territory in Raqqa and elsewhere .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
On the same day as Macri 's announcement , thousands of journalists and dozens of media workers ' unions protested against massive layoffs in Buenos Aires , calling on the government to prevent the closure of newspapers and television stations .	22	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
* On the new global “ free trade ” treaties : US leadership in negotiating and advocating passage of the Trans - Atlantic Trade & Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) , the Trans - Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , and other corporate - privileging trade deals has made passage of these agreements far more likely .	14	contact.discussion.correspondence
The second - term lawmaker noted his own Mexican roots and pointed out that his family immigrated to the U.S. before Trump 's grandfather did from Germany .	16	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
WASHINGTON , April 20 ( Yonhap ) -- North Korea 's failed launch of its Musudan intermediate - range ballistic missile last week sparked a huge fireball that damaged the launcher and could have also injured or killed missile technicians on the ground , a news report said Wednesday .	28	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
In an interview with Matt Zapotosky , McCauley acknowledged that he offered to do a favor in exchange for another favor , but before he had any inkling of what Kennedy wanted .	2	contact.discussion.meet
Police officers search a residential area near the Olympia shopping centre after the shooting Policemen arrive the Olympia shopping centre in Munich , where a number of people have been killed and several more injured An earlier video purporting to show the shooter , dressed in black , firing 20 shots has been posted on Twitter .	34	life.injure.n/a
A Russian yacht has been detained by North Korean coastguards in the Sea of Japan , Russia 's foreign ministry says .	5	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Shocking video footage has shown several victims on stretchers following a horrific gun rampage in Munich this evening Teams of medics are battling to save and help victims of the gun attack , as the number of people injured rises A major police operation is ongoing around the city 's Olympic Park , with the force warning people to stay in their homes and avoid public spaces as they admitted they do n't know where the gunmen are .	38	life.injure.n/a
A United Nations panel has decided that Julian Assange ’s three - and - a - half years in the Ecuadorian embassy amount to “ arbitrary detention , ” leading his lawyers to call for the Swedish extradition request to be dropped immediately .	37	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
He demanded the Menagh base be evacuated and said he had spoken to US Vice President Joe Biden to make that point and stress that the YPG , the military arm of the PYD , was an extension of the PKK and a direct threat to Turkey .	6	movement.transportperson.n/a
Pardon me while I sit back and enjoy the panic of the Republican – and media – elites as the GOP frontrunner takes up that old left - wing antiwar slogan : “ Bush lied – people died ! ” That ’s the essence of what Donald Trump said at Saturday ’s South Carolina GOP presidential debate when moderator John Dickerson – who smirked his way through the entire debate – asked Trump if he still thought George W. Bush should be impeached as he supposedly said in a long ago interview :	37	life.die.n/a
Shoigu said the maneuvers will also engage airborne troops and military transport aviation , as well as the navy .	11	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
The assault followed Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu pledge on Tuesday of " every kind " of support for operations against IS along a 100-kilometer ( 62-mile ) stretch of Syrian frontier .	8	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
To increase tensions further , it has been reported that on Wednesday , August 24th , Turkish military forces have invaded Syria .	20	conflict.attack.invade
Suhail reminded him that he had to confess on his own , so Hamada said , “ I had five bullets . ” That was n’t good enough , Suhail told him : “ I need two magazines . ” The torture escalated until Hamada confessed to everything they asked .	41	life.injure.n/a
Assange has characterized the investigation as part of a broader conspiracy on the part of the U.S. government to incarcerate him , extradite him , and have him killed in prison—“Jack Ruby style , ” as he put it to the Guardian .	19	movement.transportperson.preventexit
That cease - fire calls on the Syrian regime to cease all airstrikes over U.S.-backed opposition forces and limits it to striking ISIS targets .	21	conflict.attack.bombing
Trump ’s broader polling numbers have plummeted in a period during which , among other controversies , he again refused to release his taxes , insulted the family of a war hero , claimed that Russia had not invaded Ukraine – two years after it had , said his daughter should “ find another company ” if sexually harassed and briefly claimed to have seen a nonexistent video of cash shipments to Iran .	70	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
The WSJ would not print an ad from a group denying the Holocaust , which is equally well established .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Republican presidential front - runner Donald Trump Donald TrumpLewandowski near ' high six - figure book deal ' : report GOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Overnight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data MORE leads rival Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE in the senator 's home state of Florida by 20 points , according to a News 13 / Bay News 9 poll released Tuesday .	119	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Trump was widely criticised for his remarks at the debate , with many commentators saying they were evocative of “ tinpot dictators ” and authoritarian regimes where political opponents are arrested and incarcerated .	32	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The vice - president is being transported to the Canadian border later tonight .	6	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
These numbers do not include Jews who immigrated to other countries such as Germany , nor do they include non - Jewish immigration .	7	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Nor are they wrong to be annoyed when any opposition to increased immigration , or to legalizing people who are here illegally , is immediately dismissed as racist .	12	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Israeli security officials believe Hezbollah has acquired the technology through its ties with Russia , forged as a result of their mutual fight against Islamic State in Syria , Walla reported .	6	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Addressing a rally in the southern city of Gaziantep , President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vowed to combat the jihadists and the US - backed Kurdish fighters " with the same determination . "	16	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Under Putin 's presidency there has been a steady crackdown on dissent in Russia , with independent media outlets closed down and critics imprisoned on spurious charges .	23	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Miracle was sentenced on May 13 , 2011 , to 13 years in prison after pleading guilty to wire fraud and tax evasion .	16	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
The bottom line is that I know Gary Johnson is getting a lot of this protest vote , mostly from Republicans , but the man is painfully , painfully ignorant .	15	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Hide Caption 10 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city A man mourns during the funeral of four Iraqi paramilitary fighters who were killed in battles in the town of Tal Afar .	23	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
I do n’t know if you ’re familiar with Bill Black , who wrote the book “ The Best Way to Rob A Bank Is to Own One ” .	21	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Let me reiterate .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Following the collapse of a short - lived , US and Russia - brokered ceasefire , Syrian forces pounded eastern Aleppo on Sunday , killing at least 85 people and wounding more than 300 others , an activist group reported .	14	government.agreements.violateagreement
Another idea Yi raised was that the U.S. and Europe should give up their traditional privileges of appointing the heads of the World Bank and the IMF .	17	personnel.startposition.n/a
He sent a text message just before the attack in which he expressed " satisfaction at having obtained a 7.65-millimetre pistol and discusses the supply of other weapons " , the source said .	17	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
As Labor Day approaches , the awful reality of what Trump has done to the GOP goes beyond polls showing Trump is on track to lose more than 90 percent of the black vote and around 80 percent of the Latino vote .	41	government.vote.n/a
Founder Julian Assange , currently trying to avoid extradition for a rape case in Sweden , is currently a refugee at the Ecuadorian embassy in London .	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
And that 's actually a strategy that Twitter advises the campaigns to follow : gaming out future events and storing up especially savvy tweets , including GIFs and video , that might match those situations .	8	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
If convicted , Lonina and Gates could face sentences of more than 40 years in prison , O'Brien said .	1	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
After all , there is a huge difference between wealth that is earned by producing goods and services of value for others , and wealth that is acquired through rent - seeking , where profits are derived from government - granted privileges and subsidies .	40	transaction.transaction.n/a
Trump has promised to take on pharmaceutical companies , promising to have Medicare negotiate for lower drug prices .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Cisco has donated between $ 1 million and $ 5 million to the Clinton Foundation .	2	transaction.transferownership.n/a
And we have quasi - states like ISIS , or individual cells that want to attack us . ”	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
There were no fatalities .	3	life.die.n/a
" On the whole , the ceasefire regime in Syria is being implemented , " it said of the deal brokered by Moscow and Washington which took effect from 2200 GMT Friday .	6	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The secretive North Korean government is accused of running a massive network of political prisons , as well as carrying out murder , enslavement , torture , imprisonment , rape , forced abortions and other sexual violence .	21	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ Trump advocates isolationist policies and an abdication of U.S. leadership in the world .	2	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Clinton must have ultimately realized that asking Ghazala and Khizr Khan to speak , the Muslim parents of a slain American war hero , would fire up Trump .	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The presence of militias fighting on behalf of Assad — a dictator that the U.S. has pledged to depose — is yet another reminder of the tangled alliances that the United States must thread as it pursues seemingly contradictory policies in its battles against the self - proclaimed Islamic State .	16	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
This is $ 1.3 trillion and the broad brushstroke there is that we managed to come up with a whole lot of money for Wall Street , which Congress learned , when the audit was actually done and the reporting by the Fed , that “ Oh my God , you managed to come up with $ 17 trillion or $ 16 trillion of near - zero interest or free money in order to bail out Wall Street . ” Wall Street has the unique ability to turn around and quickly lend that low interest money for seven percent and recoup it , so Wall Street was able to pay much of that back , we know , but the point remains that if we can bail out the crooks who crashed the economy through waste , fraud and abuse and predatory lending and unethical bundling of extremely insecure financial packages – if we can find a way to bail them out to the tune of a whole lot of trillions , we can find a way to bail out a whole generation that has basically been thrown under the bus and does not have a future , that arguably does n’t have a way out .	142	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The Wall Street Journal reported that “ at least 60 companies that lobbied the State Department during her [ Hillary Clinton ’s ] tenure as Secretary of State donated a total of more than $ 26 million to the Clinton Foundation . ” http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2015/02/hillary-clinton-exposed-part-1-aggressively-lobbied-mega-corporations-secretary-state.html	28	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Lewis and Rosemary Owen , and their son Lewis - named after his father - were kicked and punched during an assault by a gang during celebrations for the Thai New Year .	18	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
He ’s urged his supporters to monitor polling sites ; he ’s suggested even that the polls are rigged .	2	contact.commandorder.correspondence
“ Nobody is starving yet , but incomes are definitely down , ” he said , noting that homes are colder , that neighbors turn on just two lamps after dark where they once used five and that people have stopped buying new clothes .	3	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The draft resolution demands an end to air strikes and military flights over Aleppo .	8	conflict.attack.bombing
Magen David Adom ( MDA ) arrived at the scene and declared multiple wounded , and their paramedics evacuated wounded persons to Ichilov and Tel Hashomer Medical Centers .	18	movement.transportperson.n/a
The women describe gruesome public executions with extremists shooting their victims , decapitating them and putting their heads on sticks and leaving their bodies in the road to be run over ( file picture )	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
So from our point of view it may not seem so bad , but from Russia ’s point of view , they ’ve been encroached upon , there have been missiles that have surrounded them now .	24	conflict.attack.invade
“ It is absolutely outrageous – though not surprising – that the Syrian government has continued to bombard and starve its own civilians .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Nicholas Goldberg : As Jon pointed out , it ’s not our elected bodies that make decisions about where jobs should be created , by and large .	12	personnel.elect.n/a
TRUMP : “ I ’ve borrowed knowing that you can pay back with discounts ...	5	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
" Our American friends said they 'd put pressure on the Kurds to stop the clashes , " he told us , " but there 's no sign that 's happened . "	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Protesters angry about the killing of a black man , Keith Lamont Scott , by an African - American police officer terrorized the streets Wednesday night , beating citizens , looting , vandalizing , blocking interstate traffic and setting fires .	32	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
When he ’s not on the road preaching white nationalism , Heimbach lives here , the southern Indiana town of Paoli .	7	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
After a few exchanges , Podesta recommended that the phrase “ everyday Americans ” get added in , even though he said Clinton does n’t like using it .	6	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Um … ” He yanks the latch on the orange one , bends his knees as he heaves open the door .	17	movement.transportartifact.n/a
As part of the agreement , NASA will advise , but not regulate , Moon Express activities on the lunar surface .	8	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The officials did not tie the release directly to the nuclear talks and said they had not wanted the detained Americans to be “ used as leverage ” in the negotiations .	19	movement.transportperson.preventexit
CAP was also home to supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , including senior fellow Lawrence Korb , who advised him on foreign policy .	20	contact.requestadvise.meet
" Anti - fascist " groups violently protest misspelling of their original name , " aren't - we - fascists "	7	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Hide Caption 19 of 20 Photos : Orlando nightclub shooting Police officers respond to the scene of the shooting .	9	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
And at the end of the day , if you get a little bit sick , it 's after the race .	14	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
There is no evidence for this account , and photographs from the Moscow University seem to support Russian reports that marines killed one pirate in a firefight , and took the other ten captive .	26	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Mr. Trump , in a composed proclamation intended to react specifically to the president ’s comments , called Mrs. Clinton “ unfit to serve in any government office . ” He also accused Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton of allowing Americans to be slaughtered in Benghazi , Libya ; letting veterans die waiting for medical care ; and releasing immigrants into the United States to kill innocent people .	43	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Among others , he mentioned the risks to workers ’ rights in Fifa ’s own supply chain , alleged trafficking of young players and “ endemic ” discrimination against women in world football .	19	movement.transportperson.n/a
If he were smart , he ’d play off your interview today and use her words to indict her .	17	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
He was jailed by Nazi Germany for treason and unable to attend the award ceremony in Oslo 80 years ago .	2	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The defense focused on challenging the evidence from Seleznev ’s laptop , seized by Secret Service agents during his arrest .	19	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The explosion poisoned people and their environment for hundreds of miles , perhaps forever .	2	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
Rejoin the Anti - Ballistic Missile Treaty , which the US dropped out of in 2002 when it installed missiles and missile bases in Turkey , Romania , and Poland .	6	government.agreements.violateagreement
( PetroSaudi told the Guardian that Justo had “ illegally obtained commercially sensitive , confidential and private documentation ” and was in prison for “ blackmail and extortion ” . )	25	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
While no foreign forces subsequently invaded the California coasts , it was most definitely not Ukrainian rifles , artillery , and blood which famously annihilated The Charge Of The Light Brigade at the Crimean city of Balaclava in 1854 ; they were Russians patriots defending the homeland from Turks , Europeans , and Brits .	24	conflict.attack.n/a
Vaccination campaigns in France ’s west African colonies between 1933 and 1961 caused yellow fever virtually to disappear from the continent — until decolonisation , when vaccination rates plummeted and the disease reappeared .	14	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
The Central Command statement said that U.S. surveillance had been “ tracking ” an Islamic State fighting position “ for a significant amount of time before the strike . ” The Defense official , among several officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the developing situation , said that the militants appeared to have a number of vehicles and a tank .	27	conflict.attack.bombing
Ilona Bogen , a 38-year - old nurse who immigrated from Lithuania about 15 years ago and who is one of the few likely to support Hillary Clinton , said she has no idea why Trump is currying favor with Putin .	9	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
From the Founding Fathers ( who fought a war against the world ’s mightiest empire ) through the era of political dueling to the anti – Vietnam War protests at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago , violence has been a recurring feature of American political life .	28	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Rebel - held parts of Aleppo have been heavily bombarded recently by pro - government forces .	9	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
For Egypt 's battered tourism industry , that has yet to recover from the October airline bombing , this hijack is a further blow it can ill afford .	19	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Other Republicans , believing Pence buckled under pressure , are furious that he backtracked by calling for changes to the bill that he had signed into law only days earlier .	24	government.legislate.legislate
The DNC has come under fire after thousands of emails were released over the weekend that appear to show a concerted effort by DNC officials to undermine Bernie Sanders ’ campaign in order to get Hillary Clinton elected .	37	personnel.elect.winelection
Israeli settler exports to the EU are worth less than 1 percent of bilateral trade .	2	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Trump has also has publicly expressed his admiration for Vladimir Putin many times , and has suggested undermining NATO and perhaps not honoring our mutual defense commitment if countries that had failed to please him were to be invaded by Russia , to the horror of Democrats and Republicans alike .	16	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Meanwhile , Anti - War.com 's Jason Ditz described the massacre as perhaps " the single biggest blunder of the entire US war in Syria . "	10	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" More people are free of poverty than ever before , conflict between states is less than ever before , technology is providing extraordinary opportunities for advancement , and health and agriculture and well - being , " Rice says .	11	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas was a Soviet spy in Damascus in the 1980s , Israel ’s Channel 1 reports , blowing the lid off information uncovered in an archive smuggled out of the USSR .	30	movement.transportartifact.hide
Clinton 's support for drilling and fracking , promotion of free trade deals , and contributions from Big Oil tell us she 'll fight a border skirmish .	26	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
When they have killed or wounded one of our guys , I give the command to open fire with everything we 've got . "	14	contact.commandorder.n/a
The surrender of Daraya , which became an early symbol of the nascent uprising against Bashar Assad , marks a success for his government , removing a persistent threat only a few miles from his seat of power .	1	conflict.yield.surrender
It performs great signs , even making fire come down from heaven to earth in front of people , and by the signs that it is allowed to work in the presence of the beast it deceives those who dwell on earth , telling them to make an image for the beast that was wounded by the sword and yet lived .	36	contact.prevarication.broadcast
COLUMBUS , Ohio- An 18-year - old Ohio woman accused of livestreaming the rape of her 17-year - old friend with a social media app was trying to record the assault as evidence , the woman 's attorney said recently in a defense a prosecutor flatly dismissed .	30	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ Donald J. Trump ’s campaign schedule is being driven by his fund - raising needs , prompting him to appear in heavily Republican states like Georgia and Texas and diverting his attention from battlegrounds where Hillary Clinton is spending her time .	12	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The government first said the shipments were a national secret , then said they were carrying food and medicine .	5	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
So , we can have free college education , a dismantling of Wall Street , a federal minimum wage of $ 15 by 2020 , 12 weeks of family and medical leave and universal health care , but not even a dialogue about reparations ?	41	contact.discussion.n/a
As they perform all these functions , they also violate the principle of the separation of powers , which lies at the heart of our constitutional theory ( senselessly curbing efficiency , Wilson thought ) , as well as the due process of law , for they trample the citizen ’s Fifth Amendment right not to lose his property unless indicted by a grand jury and tried by a jury of his peers , and they search a citizen or a company ’s private papers or premises , without bothering to get judge - issued subpoenas or search warrants based on probable cause , flouting the Fourth Amendment .	9	government.agreements.violateagreement
Interest spiked after Russia ’s state - owned Channel One television broadcast an interview with a woman identifying herself as the girl ’s aunt , claiming police had orchestrated a cover - up and tried to silence the Russian family .	13	contact.discussion.correspondence
The EU has also bridled at talk in Turkey - from Erdogan down - of restoring the death penalty , a move Brussels said would scupper Ankara 's decades - old bid to join the bloc .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The only man to be arrested for any of the killings is a shadowy figure who goes by the nickname “ the Zone ” .	5	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Perhaps the plan is to quietly indict Mrs. Clinton , have her plead guilty to violation of email regulations , pay a $ 10,000 fine , and then move on with the presidential race .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
( New York Times ) The British government announced it will separate radicalized prison inmates from other convicts , housing criminals who preach terrorism and other forms of extreme ideology in high - security “ specialist units . ” ( The Telegraph ) Federal prosecutors plan to argue in court that Dylann Roof “ self - radicalized ” by reading white supremacist tracts online before carrying out the massacre at a historically black church in Charleston .	68	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Two EU diplomats said they thought the impact of Putin 's widening charm offensive , accompanied by offers of lucrative trade deals and polite reminders of lost export revenues , could see those watered down next year .	27	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
A friend of hers had passed away and ‘ the first call I got , as I knew I would , came from my father , ’ the 22-year - old said … But her story cut off right there .	5	life.die.nonviolentdeath
A few days later , it was announced that Russia ’s Rosatom had purchased 17 percent of Uranium One .	13	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Another worker with the group said he does not trust the Syrian and Russian forces to stop bombarding the area .	17	conflict.attack.n/a
REUTERS / David McNew People pay their respects to the Orlando massacre victims during a vigil in the Queens borough of New York , U.S. , June 12 , 2016 .	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" We are investigating what happened with Seth Rich .	3	justice.investigate.n/a
6 ) Duterte has demanded that the United States apologize for the Bud Dajo “ massacre ” in 1906 , which his spokesman has ludicrously likened to the Holocaust .	15	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
When the employers ’ federation locked employees out of the factories to try to force a reduction of wages , the workers fought back with massive demonstrations .	18	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
" ISIS members confiscate civilians ' ID cards and flee towards Turkey , " says Om Mohammad .	3	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Participation in Peres ' funeral will not be an acceptance of Netanyahu 's offer , but it does send a message for both Israeli and Palestinian public opinion .	4	contact.funeralvigil.meet
One victim whose death preceded Mr. Magnitsky ’s , Valery Kurochkin , a potential witness whose name appeared on documents related to the fraud , fled Russia for Ukraine but died there of liver failure at the age of 43 .	30	life.die.nonviolentdeath
But it vowed to continue targeting the jihadist groups Islamic State ( IS ) and al - Nusra Front , which are excluded from the truce .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
In less ambitious news , CRRC also announced plans to develop maglev trains that travel at just 200 km / h , hoping to provide a more energy conscious form of medium to high - speed transport around the globe , as well as high - speed trains that can run at 400 km / h and alternate between different track gauges , making crossing borders a breeze , Xinhua reports .	36	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
In April the Norwegian parliament presented a new asylum and immigration bill that enables officials to refuse entry to anyone who did not come directly from a conflict zone .	10	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
( Scene of stabbing attack in Petah Tikva .	3	conflict.attack.stabbing
In Bosnia , Russia supplied the Serbs while the International Community stood by its arms embargo — paving the way for the Bosnian genocide that radicalized an entire generation of European Muslims .	15	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Rom and his sister , Ziva , were given up for adoption in the Uzbeki city of Samarkand by their parents , Karol and Ethel , who were starving and opted to part with their two older children in the hope of saving their baby brother , Uzi . Karol died of starvation and disease in Samarkand .	52	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Univision won the bidding auction for Gawker and will buy all seven of the company ’s media properties for $ 135 million .	4	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Egypt 's Civil Aviation Authority , which was responsible for investigating the bombing , has yet to amend its report .	10	justice.investigate.n/a
Two men linked to the Brussels attacks recorded 10 hours of secret surveillance video of a top Belgian nuclear scientist , likely hoping to use his security clearance to try to obtain radioactive material to build a so - called " dirty bomb . "	6	conflict.attack.n/a
Others have fled with their families across the Syrian borders , seeking refuge .	2	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
In Russia , the Personal Income Tax Rate is a tax collected from individuals and is imposed on different sources of income like labour , pensions , interest and dividends .	21	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
If Biden is right , President Obama is moved to confront Russia not over hundreds of thousands being slaughtered in Syria – not because of the barrel bombs or chlorine gas – nor over Russia ’s takeover of Crimea from Ukraine , with whom we have a security treaty .	18	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
And it 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated .	41	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
This is eastern Ukraine 28 months after the start of a conflict that once seemed unthinkable , and a year and a half after the signing of a second cease - fire deal , known as Minsk 2 , that was supposed to bring lasting peace to this war - torn edge of Europe and reintegrate it with the rest of Ukraine .	50	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
They regularly boycotted proceedings , leaving Iraq and watching the hearings on television .	3	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Putin Issues Global Alert : “ The American Establishment Is Merciless , Donald Trump Could Soon Die ”	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Gutierrez , a Tacoma police officer , was shot and killed while responding to a report of domestic violence in that port city on November 30 , police said .	8	conflict.attack.n/a
The purchase of Uranium One by Salida Capital , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Rosatom , had to be approved by the State Department among other government entities .	1	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
They give lots of speeches overseas , and they run into a lot of people , " Christensen told The Hill in a telephone interview Friday .	23	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Even the poor old Canadians and their super - liberal prime minister Justin Trudeau , have since been refusing to recognise the Isis atrocities as " genocide " – the attempt to exterminate an entire race of people – preferring instead to talk about “ crimes perpetrated … against religious and ethnic minorities . ” Could this be , ask Canadian critics , because Canada last month withdrew the last of its clapped out CF-18 fighter jets from the battle against Isis ?	32	life.die.n/a
On Fox News on Sunday , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani raised the specter of Clinton 's " signs of illness , " saying : " Go online and put down ' Hillary Clinton illness ' and take a look at the videos for yourself . "	36	life.injure.n/a
In his speech , Trump said that as president he would discard “ nation - building . ” In its place would be what he called a new approach , which he described simply as halting the spread of “ radical Islam . ” He said that if elected he would convene an international conference on the topic and work closely with Israel , Jordan , Egypt , Russia , the NATO alliance and “ all others who recognize this ideology of death that must be extinguished . ”	51	contact.discussion.correspondence
A memorial to the Armenian genocide in Yerevan , Armenia .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
things just as bad in Sheikh Maksoud # Aleppo post ceasefire .	10	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
A spokesman for Israel ’s Interior Ministry told NBC that three of the five campaigners were denied entry for “ security reasons ” but did not elaborate on what those reasons were .	16	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The letter from Comey comes 11 days before the presidential election and nearly four months after the FBI director announced the bureau would not recommend criminal charges against Clinton for what it dubbed “ extremely careless ” use of a private email server while secretary of state .	19	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
We have more people in jail than any other country on Earth .	5	movement.transportperson.n/a
Russian President Vladamir Putin blamed the Islamic State for the attack and vowed to exact " retribution " on the group .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
But how did they acquire these weapons in the first place ?	4	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
And is the email a smoking gun to confirm Clinton was actually serious about pursuing an obvious “ nonlegal strategy ” proposal to allegedly assassinate Assange ?	24	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
So the secretary of state should have been indicting people ?	8	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
In December 1241 , Ogodei Khan died unexpectedly .	6	life.die.nonviolentdeath
A day later , authorities denied entry into Turkey for Russian news agency Sputnik ’s Istanbul - based general manager .	5	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Russia and Western countries have long said that they believe the flight was brought down by a bomb smuggled on board .	18	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Because his client Yanukovych was ousted and fled to Russia , to the city of Rostov .	5	personnel.endposition.n/a
Saudi Arabia 's relations with Iran hit a new low in January after the Saudis executed a prominent Shiite cleric , Sheikh Nimr al - Nimr , leading Iranian protesters to ransack and set fire to the Saudi embassy in Tehran .	31	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Nonetheless , I will not be voting for Donald Trump in the primary .	6	government.vote.n/a
It was fashioned as an executive agreement because , as Secretary of State John Kerry told the House Judiciary Committee , “ you ca n’t pass a treaty anymore . ” In other words , if the President ca n’t get his way by complying with the Constitution , then the Constitution must be tortured to accommodate the President , i.e. , to borrow from President Nixon to David Frost , “ When the President does it , that means it is not illegal . ”	63	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Both Standard and Poor 's and Fitch Ratings cut their credit ratings for Britain , anticipating damage to its economy from Brexit , while the shares of British homebuilders have tumbled as much as 40 percent in two days .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Moreover , as my colleague Loveday Morris detailed last year , the Islamic State — also known as ISIS and ISIL – developed a lucrative , illicit trade in smuggling the antiquities it chose not to smash .	29	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
The breakdown threatens a planned United Nations effort to provide aid to Syria ’s largest city , Aleppo , where upwards of 250,000 people are trapped by the hostilities .	9	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
The key aspect of that is they continue to pay union dues .	9	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
People going to another country may find their visa is tied to their job , so if they were sacked , they would be deported .	19	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Conveniently , Turkey has totally ignored the calls by Iraqi leaders to leave their country , and instead have positioned themselves in order to provide an escape route for ISIS forces to escape Iraqi forces .	32	movement.transportperson.n/a
He raped her , she did n't have sexual relations with him , she did n't lie and I am so fucking tired of the media that ca n't even think that obvious thing through .	1	life.injure.n/a
Turkey is demanding that Washington quickly extradite a U.S.-based cleric blamed for orchestrating last month 's failed coup .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
3/15 Serbia - Hungary border Refugees protest as Hungarian riot police fires tear gas and water cannon at the border crossing with Serbia in Roszke	6	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Documents found during the raid revealed that weapons were being secretly supplied to groups connected to Osama bin Laden .	11	movement.transportartifact.n/a
He was arrested after filming himself crossing into Lithuania and back illegally for a Russian television story about smuggling in 1997 , sparking a diplomatic spat between Russia and Belarus .	18	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
“ Salaries are n’t growing or are growing much more moderately than they used to , lending is declining . ”	16	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Trump boasted that his annual personal financial disclosure form is “ the largest in the history of the FEC . ” He claims that his net worth has increased since his last disclosure was filed in July and that his annual income is more than $ 557 million , not including dividends , interest , capital gains , rents and royalties .	58	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
" But let 's be clear , what 's really ' deplorable ' is that Donald Trump hired a major advocate for the so - called ' alt - right ' movement to run his campaign and that David Duke and other white supremacists see him as a champion of their values . "	17	personnel.startposition.hiring
The Turkish military operation in Syria and ways to cooperate in providing aid to civilians in the city of Aleppo were discussed during the talks in Istanbul on Monday , Erdogan said .	11	transaction.transaction.n/a
Denying US - led criticisms that Russia and Syrian air forces are rather bombing the positions of the so - called moderate rebels , Assad emphasized that anyone who holds a weapon is a terrorist .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
The escalation of the war can be seen in the bureaucratic language of the semiannual notifications that Mr. Obama sends to Congress about American conflicts overseas .	24	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
French investigators have detained several people as they piece together details of the Nice massacre and work to shed light on the motives of the Tunisian who rammed a truck into a crowd celebrating Bastille Day .	3	movement.transportperson.preventexit
This suggests that the Guccifer 2.0 persona — whose name references Guccifer , a notorious Romanian hacker who is jailed in the US and claims to have hacked Hillary Clinton 's private email server — was created in response to the news of the hack , and was used to put up a defiant blog post and leak documents directly to Gawker and The Smoking Gun at the same time .	19	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The Assad regime and its Russian partners are bombarding eastern Aleppo each and every day in a brutal campaign to crush the opposition under siege there by terrorizing the civilian population .	8	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Its debris was later found , but speculation remains on the cause of the crash that killed all 217 people on board .	14	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
It all began when Anderson paid Assange a visit on Saturday at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , where he has been hiding out for more than four years to avoid a rape investigation in his native Sweden .	32	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ The decision was made by the firefighters in the emergency management system that ( foreign help ) was n’t necessary because of the nature of this blaze , ” Goodale said following question period .	27	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
And by the way , when my father passed away , remember , I have four -- I have a total of five in my family .	8	life.die.n/a
Finland confirmed the decision to extradite one of the men on Friday .	5	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
After Clinton claimed that Russian hackers had been the source of the leak , Assange deflected the allegation in part by pointing out that a low - level Democratic Party staffer , Seth Rich , had been murdered weeks earlier while walking home from a bar in Washington .	41	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
The footage was broadcast now , according to analysts , likely as an attempt to demonstrate North Korea 's nuclear threat as a senior DPRK official meets with China this week .	3	contact.mediastatement.n/a
However , let me also be very clear : I – along with many supporters of Israel – spoke out strongly against the Israeli counter attacks that killed nearly 1,500 civilians and wounded thousands more .	32	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
They are not ready for any dialogue , and you do n’t have time to make dialogue , you want to protect your citizens , so you have to kill them , ” the Syrian leader said .	16	contact.discussion.correspondence
The Dewsbury protest came as skirmishes broke out at a service station in Dover between anti - fascists and right - wing groups .	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In June , before the games even began , the Australian wheelchair basketball player Liesl Tesch warned that Rio was a “ dangerous place ” after two armed thieves demanded money and stole her bicycle as she trained in the city .	29	contact.commandorder.meet
Putin lies publicly and repeatedly about the most important political matters , such as “ there are no Russian troops in Ukraine , ” that the Crimean annexation was a spontaneous act of the Crimean people , and that a Ukrainian fighter shot down MH17 .	42	life.injure.n/a
@DebraMax , attacks Hillary Clinton ’s gay campaign manager , Robby Mook , calling him “ a disgrace ” for working for “ that bitch . ” She says Clinton “ took money from these countries , from these countries that would take him and his friends or his lover or his partner and throw them off a building and kill them . ” She says Mook is too young to remember “ the time of AIDS ” and adds , “ I never thought in my life I would see another time that I would fear for me and my other gay friends , ” referring to the shooting in Orlando .	109	conflict.attack.n/a
While a forensics team searched the area , police set up roadblocks to find the terrorists . ”Roughly one hour later , Rosenfeld said , Border Police officers arrested two suspects matching the description of the assailants , but after extensive questioning , both young men were released without charges . “Police are continuing to search for the terrorists involved in the attack and hope to make arrests soon , ” he said later in the day . Shortly after the attack , Shaare Zedek Medical Center spokeswoman Shoham Ruvio said both victims were in stable condition and expected to survive . “They are stable and conscious , ” said Ruvio .	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
So these Democrats play Russian roulette : hopefully assuming that the FBI wo n’t dare recommend criminal charges with the stakes so high ; that the Obama Justice Department wo n’t prosecute if charges are recommended ; that Obama will figure out a way to intervene with a pardon that wo n’t do Clinton too much damage , and that the public can be spun into thinking an investigation led by Obama appointees and career law - enforcement officers is somehow a Vast - Right - Wing - Conspiracy plot dreamt up by Republicans .	35	contact.requestadvise.meet
It reads : “ when the baby is old enough , start talking to her about how things like the Holocaust happen when great power falls into the wrong hands . ” When the world starts measuring a culture by the size of their noses , jawlines and heads .	20	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The crowd erupted , punching the air , holding placards aloft and chanting , “ Lock her up ! ” – a demand that Trump used to disavow .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said he was comfortable allowing for some of them to donate and fundraise .	15	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
I think of my parents , and as I look around the room , we probably share similar stories , of how our parents , grandparents , or great - grandparents might have immigrated to the U.S. … I often think , what ’s the motivation for Hillary Clinton ?	33	movement.transportperson.n/a
Himmler was captured by British soldiers in Berlin in May 1945 .	2	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The document offers a first confirmation that Wallenberg , who disappeared in 1945 , was executed by the Soviet Union .	15	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Just a few days ago a self - professed Trump fan physically attacked two hijab - wearing Muslim women in New York City while reportedly yelling , “ Get the fuck out of America , bitches … This is America — you should n’t be different from us . ” ( The attacker was formally charged with a hate crime . )	8	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Clinton : Well , Senator you ’ll have to direct that question to the agency that ran the annex .	18	government.formation.mergegpe
A reputable international - law - abiding country ca n’t simply invade another country and forcibly commandeer its natural resources .	16	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
TheDCNF ’s Mark Tapscott and Richard Pollock reported in recent weeks that the Clinton Foundation deceived the IRS with respect to its tax status , and that the Foundation often does not abide by good governance practices common to charities .	15	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Saturday was the second anniversary of the bloodiest day of the protests , when more than 50 people died from sniper fire .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
While here , the two refugees plotted to obtain Stinger missiles and attack homeland targets .	8	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
( Andres Martinez Casares / Reuters ) A girl watches as authorities arrive to evacuate people from her house in Tabarre , Haiti .	14	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
The only witness who appeared to testify concerning Anna Rosenberg 's fitness to serve as Assistant Secretary of Defense was Ann Rosenberg herself .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
They point to mutually admiring comments between the two men , as well as Trump policy proposals that many experts say would weaken NATO and cause the United States to retreat from the world stage .	30	conflict.yield.n/a
He left government … in October 1993 … and is an expert in the fields of terrorism , aviation security , and crisis and risk management , and money laundering investigations .	30	justice.investigate.n/a
Others that had been previously released revealed that Stevens was moving " from Malta to Benghazi , " advised that he and his " team are in the hotel " and disclosed that he had requested " better security at the hotel " and " better security - related coordination . "	18	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Trump threatened to jail his opponent if he became president .	3	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
In December , 1990 , Shevardnadze resigned his post , declaring publicly , “ A dictatorship is coming . ” And in June , 1991 , just weeks before the publication of “ A Word to the People , ” Gavriil Popov , a liberal and the mayor of Moscow , went to Spaso House , the residence of American Ambassador Jack Matlock , and told him that a coup was being planned .	69	conflict.attack.n/a
Assange declined at the time to say whether the upcoming releases would tilt the election toward Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump , though as the website was responsible for leaking the US Democratic National Committee emails in July this year , rumours circulated that the leaks would affect Clinton ’s reputation .	35	contact.collaborate.n/a
We will strike their sanctuaries from the air , and support local forces taking them out on the ground .	2	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Blustering , despotic , and fueling racial and ethnic tensions to thrill his followers and intimidate his opponents while empowering himself , Trump ’s disdain for America ’s character and the values enshrined in our Constitution plays out every day in his attacks on religious minorities , Hispanics , African Americans , the free press , and the rule of law .	15	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Despite the law and her promises to the contrary , Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into the DC office of the Clinton Foundation . "	5	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The Iranians were also reported to have confiscated SIM cards from two satellite phones that the sailors had in their possession .	7	transaction.transaction.n/a
Add to that the numerous mosques that have been attacked , including a fire Sunday night — officially deemed by the police as arson — at the mosque the Orlando Pulse nightclub gunman had attended .	23	conflict.attack.n/a
" We will continue our embargo to these countries , " Cavusoglu said .	5	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The breakdown threatens a planned United Nations effort to provide aid to Syria ’s largest city , Aleppo , where upwards of 250,000 people are trapped by the hostilities .	9	transaction.transaction.n/a
Deputy Spokesperson @Toner_Mark outlines joint declaration for export and use of UAVs .	7	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Russia has made “ specific proposals ” on a ceasefire in Syria and is waiting for a reaction from the US , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has said .	9	government.agreements.n/a
Speaker Paul D. Ryan , who has been critical of Mr. Trump , assailed Mrs. Clinton and said that she should no longer be allowed to receive classified briefings .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
China 's foreign ministry said it would lodge a diplomatic protest and urged North Korea to avoid further action that would worsen the situation .	10	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Twenty - seven percent ( 27 % ) say the issue is not important , but that includes only nine percent ( 9 % ) who say it ’s Not At All Important to how they will vote .	37	government.vote.castvote
The firm , which has dozens of offices around the world , has been investigated by law enforcement authorities in several countries over accusations of connections to money laundering .	14	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
In Turkey , Erdogan is imprisoning his foes without trial .	5	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Piccard said in her declaration that she skipped the trial after Bannon and his lawyer arranged for her to leave town .	9	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Erdogan also said Wednesday that some arms confiscated from the PKK , the Syrian Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) , and its armed wing , the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) , had come from Russia and the West , including the US .	7	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The thing does n’t just make me question Clinton ’s character , but also her political acumen , and her ability to identify and hire competent staff .	24	personnel.startposition.hiring
3/11 Torture Torture is prevalent in prison camps , as well as in police and security service custody .	1	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
With that in mind , Assange wrote , “ let us consider two closely balanced and broadly conspiratorial power groupings , the US Democratic and Republican parties . ” He continued , “ Consider what would happen if one of these parties gave up their mobile phones , fax and email correspondence — let alone the computer systems which manage their subscribers , donors , budgets , polling , call centres and direct mail campaigns ?	48	contact.collaborate.n/a
With public pressure mounting , Murphy said Britain had the power to legislate directly on its overseas territories , but the lobbying power of the financial sector and worries about upsetting the jewel in Britain 's economic crown were holding back efforts .	12	government.legislate.legislate
It ’s difficult to be too sympathetic to Trump here because he certainly did make mildly supportive statements about invading Iraq .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
Hide Caption 27 of 32 Photos : North Dakota pipeline protests Native Americans march to the site of a sacred burial ground on September 4 .	13	movement.transportperson.n/a
The " Shadow Brokers " claimed in a post on blogging service Tumblr to have hacked Equation Group , and say they are holding an " auction " to sell off the " cyber weapons " they were able to steal .	26	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Trump told him to arrive late , stand over the Soviet negotiator , stick his finger in his chest , and say , “ Fuck you ! ” Recently , a former Republican White House official whom Trump has called on for his insights told me , “ Honestly , the problem with Donald is he does n’t know what he does n’t know . ” Shortly after taking the oath of office , Trump would be assigned a military aide who carries the forty - five - pound aluminum - and - leather briefcase that holds “ a manual for conducting nuclear war , ” according to Dan Zak , the author of “ Almighty , ” a new book on nuclear weapons .	70	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Aim , endorsed by PUTIN , has been to encourage splits and divisions in western alliance . ” It maintained that Trump “ and his inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin , including on his Democratic and other political rivals . ” It claimed that Russian intelligence had “ compromised ” Trump during his visits to Moscow and could “ blackmail him . ” It also reported that Russian intelligence had compiled a dossier on Hillary Clinton based on “ bugged conversations she had on various visits to Russia and intercepted phone calls . ”	66	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Despite his constant anti - U.S. pronouncements , Duterte said he would not abrogate the mutual defense treaty with the U.S. but questioned the need for it .	17	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
As she sought to burnish her image as an advocate of working America , Clinton declared her opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership , Obama 's 12-nation trade pact , and distanced herself from Nafta , which her husband signed into law .	39	government.legislate.legislate
People in the crowd shouted " guilty ! "	6	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
In his September cover story for The Atlantic , Steven Brill recounts how the political lessons of those early years evolved into an approach he succinctly summarizes as “ never again . ” Politicians and government bureaucrats understood that the public would not forgive a second , devastating strike .	48	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Turkish claim to have a right to be involved in the Mosul offensive is a dishonest claim , since Turkey has been financing the ISIS forces through oil smuggling and other human trafficking operations in Syria .	29	movement.transportartifact.hide
In that 2007 deposition , Trump said he based estimates of his net worth at times on “ psychology ” and “ my own feelings . ” But those feelings are often wrong — in 2004 , he presented unaudited financials to Deutsche Bank while seeking a loan , claiming he was worth $ 3.5 billion .	47	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
" Donald Trump has very long business links to Russia — they know him , he has Russian funding for some of his companies , and he 's involved with with Russian oligarchs who have bought his companies , " Applebaum says .	18	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Although Ecuador has extended its diplomatic cover to him , Assange fears that if he is forced to return to Sweden , that country might then extradite him , for political reasons , to the United States , where he could face serious charges of espionage or conspiracy , potentially warranting the death penalty , regarding WikiLeaks ' disclosure of the Afghan War Diary and other documents revealing the U.S. government ’s purposeful deception in its prosecution of illegal wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .	52	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Donald Trump has been campaigning on a promise to eradicate the Islamic State ( also known as ISIS ) .	9	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
" Most recently I 'm hearing that the markets are closed and it 's next to impossible to purchase food .	18	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Among them are claims that “ an army ” of Haitian refugees escaping the devastating 2010 earthquake there sought to overthrow Brazil ’s government , that the official retirement age was being raised to 95 and that President Dilma Rousseff was overseeing a plan to insert microchips into Brazilian citizens .	12	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Sanders has adopted tough rhetoric in vowing to galvanize international allies — particularly Saudi Arabia and other allies in the Middle East — to “ crush ” ISIS .	6	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Some appear to be American retirees purchasing real estate in places like Costa Rica and Panama .	6	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The president initiated the effort to convene world leaders to focus on improving nuclear security following his 2009 speech in Prague on the subject of nonproliferation .	6	contact.discussion.meet
The United States , Mrs. Clinton said , needs to “ do everything we can ” to restrain the competitions , including exploring new treaties with Moscow that would go beyond the New Start treaty of 2010 , which she helped negotiate .	34	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Killing the people who are providing aid to your enemies is effective	5	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Terrorists get annihilated in Russia .	2	conflict.attack.n/a
Voting ends at 7 p.m.	0	government.vote.castvote
Last year , Russian President Vladimir Putin , whose Sukhoi jet had of course not yet been shot down by the Turks , attended the official genocide memorial day in the Armenian capital of Yerevan , declaring the genocide a fact of history – to the fury of the Turks -- while President Obama skulked in Washington , still too fearful of offending his Nato ally whose airbases – ironically built , in many cases , on lands stolen from murdered Armenians – were so important to the US Air Force which was already supposedly destroying Isis .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Politifact Claim : “ So there ’s evidence showing that one man involved with Uranium One ( Telfer ) donated millions to the Clinton Foundation at the same time as the deal .	19	transaction.transaction.n/a
Top supplier Australia is down 3.6 percent for the first eight months of the year , as higher coking coal exports have n't been enough to offset lower thermal coal shipments .	30	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
A former trucking official who had been convicted and incarcerated as a teenager for serious crimes , Yanukovych had become a popular symbol of the corruption that plagues Ukraine after his team tried to rig the 2004 presidential election .	9	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Last Friday , UNHCR stated that Norway , by returning asylum seekers without actual and individual consideration of their application for asylum , is in violation of the Human Rights Convention , as well as International Asylum Regulations .	21	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
And in the weeks afterward , Donald Trump stumbled into some pretty epic controversies : He :	8	movement.transportperson.n/a
Lynch announced the SCN at the U.N. on Sept. 30 , 2015 , a program that attempts to globalize law enforcement agencies , connecting U.S. agencies with those overseas to combat violent extremism in all its forms .	31	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
It pointed out that the companies had also enjoyed a combined $ 11.2tn in federal loans , bailouts and loan guarantees during the same period .	19	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
" Donald Trump has very long business links to Russia — they know him , he has Russian funding for some of his companies , and he 's involved with with Russian oligarchs who have bought his companies , " Applebaum says .	35	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Denmark is set to become the first country to no longer define being transgender as a mental illness .	17	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
On a separate occasion , Clinton and Sullivan exchange emails on a set of " tps " -- presumably talking points , which he 's trying to send to her on a secure fax line .	33	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad has used the Islamic State ’s razing of the past and ransacking of museums as part of its propaganda .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
The process is efficient enough that the country 's dependence on petroleum imports has declined precipitously .	12	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
She attaches herself to Barack Obama ’s coattails , pledging to continue his policies .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
" Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss , " he wrote Tuesday morning .	14	contact.discussion.n/a
“ A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub , not only because he wanted to kill Americans , ” he said , “ but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens , because of their sexual orientation . ”	27	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ In fact , the latest Russian move , to secure an agreement with Iran for the use of an air base , is shaking up the Middle East . ”	12	government.agreements.n/a
At least 80 people were killed and 231 injured when a huge blast rocked a mass demonstration in the Afghan capital , Kabul , the Interior Ministry has announced .	12	conflict.attack.n/a
It is believed that the arrest occurred after a member of public called police as Promobots were recording the opinions of voters on a variety of topics " for further processing and analysis by the candidate 's team . "	5	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
" One was by passing and championing this landmark three strikes legislation , which actually incarcerated more Black people than any other time in history , right , " she continued .	15	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Just last year , former Naval Reserve Commander Bryan Nishimura was charged with misdemeanor mishandling of classified information he acquired during his service in Afghanistan .	19	transaction.transferownership.n/a
“ A teacher told me that a massacre happened at the western school after it was targeted with a missile by a Russian warplane , I went there .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The money was used to recruit operatives and purchase ammunition and supplies . ”	8	transaction.transferownership.purchase
14/15 Russia and England fans clash at Euro 2016 Fans try and escape at the end of the Euro 2016 Group B soccer match between England and Russia , GETTY	12	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Turkish - Russian relations have been strained since Turkey shot down a Russian jet that strayed into its territory from Syria in November .	9	conflict.attack.n/a
Real - keeping : Sanders is grossly misleading his supporters about his prospects for winning the nomination .	7	contact.prevarication.meet
The regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad has used the Islamic State ’s razing of the past and ransacking of museums as part of its propaganda .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
All he does is play computer games anyways and buy weapons online . "	9	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Syria 's main Kurdish faction , the People 's Protection Units , has been most effective in combating the Islamic State group , but Turkey appears uneasy over the group 's recent gains .	17	conflict.attack.n/a
It was one of several attacks on Syrian jets claimed by Isis , including an attack in July where they later hung a pilot 's corpse on display in the streets .	21	conflict.attack.hanging
It is possible she is being poisoned , '' Bennet Omalu , who has done pioneering work on concussion among American football players , wrote on Twitter Sunday night .	6	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
In an April speech at Case Western Reserve University 's law school in Cleveland , three months before Republicans held their convention in the city nominating Trump , Zeid said " a front - running candidate to be president of this country declared , just a few months ago , his enthusiastic support for torture , " a reference to remarks by Trump in which he pledged to restore waterboarding and even harsher interrogation methods for suspected terrorists .	66	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Schweizer cited Andrey Vavilov , the chairman of Skolkovo 's nuclear research arm , who donated between $ 10,000 and $ 25,000 to the foundation .	15	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Clinton ’s statement that she had always believed marriage should be " left to the states " in a 2014 interview , for example , is belied by her longtime support for the federal prohibition on marriage equality that her husband signed into law .	41	government.legislate.legislate
The suspect , 20-year - old Demarko Wheeler , was charged with first - and second - degree murder .	18	life.die.n/a
Last July , an Orthodox Jewish Israeli attacked the marchers in the Jerusalem LGBT pride parade , stabbing six of them , and one of them , a teenager , died of her wounds ; justifying his attacks by appealing to Talmudic punishments for homosexuality , he had just been released from a 10-year prison term for doing the same in 2005 .	17	conflict.attack.stabbing
Trump also opposes many of the same trade policies that Sanders opposes , but Trump not only opposes an increase in the minimum wage , he has stated that , in his opinion , American workers are actually overpaid — an absurd notion that is offensive to working - class Reagan Democrats and blue - collar workers generally .	38	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
I was served an image of the gates of Auschwitz , the famous words ‘ Arbeit Macht Frei ’ replaced without irony with ‘ Machen Amerika Great . ’ Holocaust taunts , like a path of dollar bills leading into an oven , were followed by Holocaust denial .	29	life.die.n/a
Khasbulatov said the company hoped to achieve full localization , helping smooth out the impact of currency swings and Russia 's food import ban .	22	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Ali , who was shot at least three times on the scene and Ali , who was shot at least three times on the scene and had to undergo surgery to remove a bullet from his stomach , is currently being held at a juvenile rehabilitation center since Israeli authorities decided to uphold his one - year detention in April .	17	life.injure.n/a
OTTAWA – The Trudeau government has yet to respond to an offer by Russia to dispatch massive water bombers and fire fighting specialists to battle the growing inferno around Fort McMurray , Alta .	27	conflict.attack.setfire
He also suggested he may purge generals and admirals who disagree with his foreign policy approach , a notion that is likely to rattle the Pentagon , even as commanders know they serve at the pleasure of the president .	2	contact.requestadvise.meet
In two separate interviews in May , Trump suggested that he could do something to negotiate federal debt through " discounting " and that he would " refinance debt " and " buy back debt on — at a discount . "	15	contact.negotiate.n/a
The startling image shows him covered head to toe with dust and so disoriented that he seems barely aware of an open wound on his forehead .	22	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
( New York Times ) Republican Senate candidate Jon Keyser submitted the forged signature of a deceased person to get on the ballot , the Colorado Secretary of State announced yesterday , referring the matter to Denver 's district attorney .	16	life.die.n/a
England fans have been officially advised by the authorities to stay away from Lens if they do n’t have a ticket and to head for Lille instead , leading to fears they will again clash with Russia fans .	5	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Trump regularly praises Putin and has continued to do so while faced with continued criticism for seeming to embrace the Russian leader , a former KGB intelligence officer whose administration has been accused of unfairly jailing and even killing political detractors and journalists .	32	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Khizr Khan is more than just the father of slain Muslim U.S. serviceman Humayun Khan and the mainstream media ’s flavor of the moment in its ongoing efforts to demonize and destroy Donald Trump .	9	life.die.n/a
Investigators have spoken extensively with her and are working to establish whether she recently accompanied Mateen to the club , said a second official who was not authorized to discuss the case publicly .	29	contact.discussion.meet
I 've spent lots of time reporting in countries where winners do imprison losing candidates .	12	movement.transportperson.n/a
While speaking about the recent bombings in New York and New Jersey , Trump suggested that press freedom is preventing law enforcement from arresting the publishers of bomb - making instructions .	23	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The Russians can only intimidate you if you are dependent upon them . "	4	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
So sellers will ship both elephant and mammoth tusks in the same containers to try and smuggle illegal ivory in with the legal mammoth tusks .	16	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
" But we should not forget that you want to identify these individuals who are responsible for these crimes , investigate them , prosecute them and put them in jail for a substantial period of time . "	20	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
The payment was made on Jan. 17 , a day after four imprisoned Americans were freed by Iran and the United Nations lifted sanctions against Tehran over its nuclear weapons programs .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
But the conversations about shared interests and agendas among people who had donated to the foundation underscore existing concerns about Clinton 's ethics and transparency .	12	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
An Idaho jury convicted Kurbanov on terror charges in August last year following a 20-day trial and two days of deliberation .	3	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Clinton ’s income from speaking , unlike that of other former presidents , is detailed in annual public disclosures because his wife has held public office .	2	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The revelation of Burt ’s simultaneous lobbying and campaign - advising comes at a time of mounting concerns about Russian attempts to manipulate the presidential election .	10	contact.requestadvise.meet
READ MORE : Armenia , Azeri General Staff chiefs agreed Nagorno - Karabakh ceasefire in Moscow	13	government.agreements.n/a
The company soon purchased in excess of 38,000 acres of across Texas , New Mexico , Wyoming , Utah , and other western states as well .	3	transaction.transferownership.n/a
According to USA Today , the Pentagon last fall began allowing lower - level commanders to call in airstrikes that threaten to kill innocents and attacks that entail " the probability of 10 civilian casualties are permitted , " the paper reported .	20	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
More than 400 people have been executed since the government lifted a four - year moratorium on the death penalty in 2014 , following the Taliban ’s massacre at a school in Peshawar .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Much will depend on whether the Obama administration will manage to get the Trans - Pacific Partnership trade deal ratified , but if this fails and we are confronted with either a hesitant Clinton or a Donald Trump hostile to trade agreements , things could easily start to go wrong .	41	government.agreements.n/a
We worked together to successfully overcome obstruction by House Republicans of the funding she requested to improve embassy security around the world .	6	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The progressive movement can make it clear that they will actively oppose a President Clinton if she appoints a corporate centrist administration .	17	personnel.startposition.hiring
MOSCOW — Unidentified individuals vandalized Holocaust monuments in Russia and Estonia .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Because the kingdom is under pressure : Oil prices , on which the economy depends almost entirely , are plummeting ; a thaw in Iranian - American relations threatens to diminish Riyadh 's special place in regional politics ; the Saudi military is failing in its war in Yemen .	28	contact.threatencoerce.meet
It all began when Anderson paid Assange a visit on Saturday at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , where he has been hiding out for more than four years to avoid a rape investigation in his native Sweden .	33	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
For 51 days , Israel bombarded Gaza with more than 6,000 airstrikes .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
A student from DePaul University and organizer with the International Socialist Organization , Sam Piper , addressed the crisis facing students saddled with tens of thousands of dollars of debt from student loans .	16	contact.mediastatement.n/a
Russia 's facility with online disruption is established : It reportedly has a vast , sometimes informal operation of people who are employed to wreak havoc online .	22	personnel.startposition.n/a
Syrian rebels had declared the push for peace " futile " after Syrian government and Russian warplanes bombarded Aleppo in the worst surge of violence in the city for years .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
After the NATO bombing , Libya descended into civil war while the paramilitaries and unsecured arms stashes in Libya quickly spread west across the African Sahel and east to Syria .	3	conflict.attack.bombing
But it is clear , Mr. Sestanovich said , that Mr. Putin is using this moment of leadership transition to press for any advantage , with methods such as using information warfare techniques on American soil , intimidating Ukraine , and running major military exercises on the border with Norway .	37	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Try to imagine , then , a situation in which Trump commanded our military to do something stupid , illegal or irrational .	11	contact.commandorder.correspondence
The projectile , the latest of a series of apparently errant rounds to hit Israel in recent days , exploded in an open field near Israel ’s border with Syria , causing no casualties or damage , the Israel Defense Forces said in a statement .	19	conflict.attack.bombing
Terrorists could strike two days before Americans head out to vote .	2	life.injure.n/a
Hezbollah said it would hold funeral services on Friday in honour of Badreddine .	5	contact.funeralvigil.meet
Much of the alt - right emerged from message boards that highly prize shock value — a joke about a sacred idea or an unspeakable tragedy , something like the recurring line , “ The Holocaust did n’t happen , but it should have . ” Even people who ’ve spent years playing the troll game tell me they often do n’t know whether someone is ironically racist or actually racist .	35	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
I ’m voting for you 100 percent , but could you stop saying you ’re going to make our country rich again ? ” I said , “ I understand what you ’re saying – it does n’t sound nice .	2	government.vote.castvote
The uncertainty about the site ’s allegiances — if any — is unnerving as a steady flow of stolen emails comes from WikiLeaks , including several batches from Podesta ’s email that show Clinton spoke more favorably about free trade in paid speeches than she has on the campaign trail .	41	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The FBI director said that clerical errors led to Roof being able to legally purchase the gun in April 2015 , and the FBI did n’t confirm that the sale should n’t have been allowed until after the shooting two months later .	38	conflict.attack.n/a
( Andres Martinez Casares / Reuters ) A girl watches as authorities arrive to evacuate people from her house in Tabarre , Haiti .	14	movement.transportperson.n/a
This launch failure , with this explosion of the rocket , is really going to put a real crimp in NASA ’s launch program . ”	6	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
I would defend the rights — I mean , I ’ve gone to jail , frankly , in multiple states defending people ’s rights to participate .	13	movement.transportperson.preventexit
It seems like just yesterday that it was close to 36 years ago that I was administered the oath of office here at CIA .	18	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Other examples include Trump Sr . saying he was “ obviously ” just joking when he said he could “ stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I would n’t lose any voters , ” that time he said he was “ just having fun ” when he called Ted Cruz a “ pussy , ” and another occasion when he told Megyn Kelly many of the horrible things he ’s said about women were just examples of him “ kidding . ”	28	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Since late 2015 , the Russian Air Force has systematically targeted ISIS oil convoys thus preventing illegal oil exports that mostly travel through Turkey .	18	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
Trump 's suggestion that he might abandon NATO 's pledge to automatically defend all member states is also likely to have gone down well in Moscow , where the Western military alliance is cast as an outdated Cold War relic .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
As our fact - checking colleagues at The Washington Post wrote , “ [ a ] billion dollars of exports is estimated to create about 6,000 jobs . ” That ’s according to a Commerce Department analysis of U.S. jobs supported by exports .	42	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
The document called on the world community to defend Christians , saying that " in many countries of the Middle East and North Africa whole families , villages and cities of our brothers and sisters in Christ are being completely exterminated . "	40	life.die.n/a
Holocaust Memorial Museum 's " Days of Remembrance " ceremony in the Capitol Rotunda in Washington , U.S , April 25 , 2017 .	0	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
So do n't let them intimidate you out of your power .	5	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
There is talk of new sanctions against Russia , but an official who works on Russia sanctions told me there has been no order from the White House to develop them .	5	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
" The key thing about him is his willingness for a breakthrough in relations with Russia , maybe they wo n't get closer but at least there will be a dialogue , " said one man said feet away from the Kremlin .	30	contact.discussion.meet
Pelosi also advised House Democrats affected to change their phone numbers , following her lead .	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
How did the text of a CNN - TV One town hall question about the death penalty end up in the hands of the Clinton campaign ahead of time ?	15	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Even the poor old Canadians and their super - liberal prime minister Justin Trudeau , have since been refusing to recognise the Isis atrocities as " genocide " – the attempt to exterminate an entire race of people – preferring instead to talk about “ crimes perpetrated … against religious and ethnic minorities . ” Could this be , ask Canadian critics , because Canada last month withdrew the last of its clapped out CF-18 fighter jets from the battle against Isis ?	32	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Russian personnel and their family members are granted diplomatic immunity in the agreement , and all transport means used to ship equipment and ammunition to Syria is to be immune from inspections , searches , or impounding .	7	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The government has also launched a telephone hotline for citizens to report anyone they suspect of being a spy .	6	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Recently , a prominent Pakistani social media star was strangled to death by her brother on the charge of dishonoring the family .	9	conflict.attack.strangling
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a town hall meeting with members of the Hispanic community the morning after his first debate with Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Sept. 27 , 2016 , at Miami Dade College in Miami .	10	contact.discussion.correspondence
So one night when he was out , the other guy and I took it to the end of the block and threw it into the ocean like a Frisbee .	22	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
In the email was a question about the death penalty .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
' ' Once again , as over the last 30 years , an international football competition has been the scene of clashes between violent people claiming to be supporters of their national team , ' ' Cazeneuve said in a statement .	21	conflict.attack.n/a
GENEVA — Islamic State forces have committed genocide and other war crimes in a continuing effort to exterminate the Yazidi religious minority in Syria and Iraq , United Nations investigators said on Thursday , urging stronger international action to halt the killing and to prosecute the terrorist group .	17	life.die.n/a
Well , I would suggest to you that the families that live in our inner cities that are besieged by crime —	4	contact.requestadvise.meet
In 2014 , after Russia seized Crimea , the White House imposed sanctions on leading members of Putin ’s circle , including Kovalchuk , citing their close ties to “ a senior official of the Russian Federation ” – a euphemism for Putin himself .	5	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
" It 's about rendering historical justice , it 's an obligation of the entire international community towards the memory of the victims of the genocide , " Armenian foreign ministry spokesman , Tigran Balayan , told AFP .	25	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
As the Russian pounding of Aleppo intensified , horrific images of injured children and destroyed hospitals put new pressure on Obama to authorize expanded weapons shipments to besieged opposition groups .	25	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
In April , six EU - funded modular homes were demolished in Umm el - Kheir .	10	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Of course , this is a whole lot more detail than Trump was ready or willing to take on in his interview this week .	21	contact.discussion.meet
The FBI has reportedly been investigating a possible overlap of the Clinton Foundation charity with State Department business , Fox reported earlier this month , citing three unidentified intelligence officials .	5	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
There has been a spate of violence in Germany recently including the mass shooting in Munich , a machete attack and a stabbing on a train .	22	conflict.attack.stabbing
Trump is a relatively new love object for his followers : none was aware of him until he raised the issue of Barack Obama ’s birth certificate in 2011 , and most current acolytes saw the light only after his speech about Mexican rapists , which inaugurated his presidential bid .	46	government.formation.startgpe
But Jordan says it is already hosting 1.27 million refugees and wants to construct more well - made camps like Zaatari .	13	manufacture.artifact.build
“ Russia has also repeatedly attempted to acquire U.S. military technology , including an FSB - directed operation in Houston that shipped $ 50 million worth of microelectronics and other sensitive technologies to Russian military and intelligence entities between 1998 and 2012 , ” the report said .	7	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Bomb blasts have killed more than 100 people in the Syrian coastal cities of Jableh and Tartous , monitors said , in a government - controlled area that hosts Russian forces .	0	conflict.attack.bombing
( Never mind the fact that they ’re neutral and thus may also be providing aid to your own forces and innocent civilians caught up in the mix . )	14	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
SO THIS is how it was to end : a septuagenarian con - man flanked by four victims of sexual assault , real or alleged , trying to intimidate his opponent by dredging up old accusations against her husband , Bill Clinton .	28	contact.threatencoerce.meet
In his speech , Trump said that as president he would discard “ nation - building . ” In its place would be what he called a new approach , which he described simply as halting the spread of “ radical Islam . ” He said that if elected he would convene an international conference on the topic and work closely with Israel , Jordan , Egypt , Russia , the NATO alliance and “ all others who recognize this ideology of death that must be extinguished . ”	51	contact.discussion.meet
The statement cries out for a more substantive debate about Clinton 's support for the raid that killed Osama bin Laden ; the temporary ceasefire she negotiated between Hamas and Israel ; and the Iran nuclear deal .	26	contact.negotiate.meet
5/32 Syria crisis An injured Syrian man walks out from the rubble of a destroyed building following a air strike by government forces in the northern city of Aleppo	7	movement.transportperson.n/a
“ Imagine that the little beast in question does n’t appear in some park but at a secret site where a conscript or other soldier takes and photographs it with his camera , ” Aleksander Mikhailov , a retired major general of the Federal Security Service , told state news agency RIA Novosti .	38	personnel.endposition.quitretire
A spokesperson for the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform declined to comment whether their members will discuss the prospect of holding hearings .	18	contact.discussion.meet
She 's pledged to grant mass amnesty and , in her first 100 days , end virtually all immigration enforcement and ...	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Democratic candidate , on attack of late , is advised to pivot and give people reasons to back her [ Wall Street Journal ]	9	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
A would - be suicide bomber who survived told investigators that he was an ISIS recruit , a Lebanese security source said .	15	personnel.startposition.hiring
The rising sophomore studying exercise science is also accused of biting pieces of flesh off John Stevens ' face and stabbing the couple 's neighbor , 47-year - old Jeff Fisher , who tried to come to their rescue .	20	conflict.attack.stabbing
Julia Ioffe , who is Jewish , said the hatred she had experienced since her piece was published reminded her of racism her family experienced in Russia before it immigrated to the US 26 years ago .	29	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
If House Republicans have the audacity to look the American people in the eye in the coming weeks and promise more obstruction , they are putting politics over people , and to that I say game on .	21	movement.transportperson.prevententry
A wacky tale is playing out in a federal courtroom in New York City , where a Romanian security consultant is on trial for an illegal $ 17 million weapons deal .	22	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
The official attributed the shipping error to Lockheed ’s freight forwarders , and said the US was working with Lockheed to get the device back .	9	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
Prior to his State Department appointment , Fernando had given between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 to the William J. Clinton Foundation , and another $ 30,000 to a political advocacy group , WomenCount , that indirectly helped Hillary Clinton retire her lingering 2008 campaign debts by renting her campaign email list .	47	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Even as Mayor de Blasio publicly refused to endorse Hillary Clinton last year , he privately conferred with her campaign and assured them he would not be supporting her opponent , newly released emails show .	16	contact.discussion.n/a
I will gladly lend you my copy . ”	3	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
1/10 Medics evacuate a wounded man from the scene of an attack in Jerusalem .	2	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
The top trio — of Bush , Cruz , and Rubio — together , received around 60 % of all the money donated for the 2016 race by the people who had funded Mitt Romney ’s 2012 drive for the White House .	22	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Obamacare would be repealed and replaced with “ something great . ” His signature proposal is to construct a wall along the southern border of the United States — and have Mexico pay the billions of dollars involved .	17	manufacture.artifact.build
The Russian leader also suspended a treaty on cleaning up weapons - grade plutonium , suggesting he was willing to use nuclear disarmament as a new bargaining chip in disputes with the United States over Ukraine and Syria .	6	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
In recent days , Trump has accused plotters of rigging his microphone to undermine his debate performance .	15	contact.discussion.meet
That was down from the 31 percent Sen. John McCain John McCainMcCain : North Korean regime murdered Otto Warmbier GOP defense spending battle delays Republican budget Otto Warmbier , US student held in North Korea for 17 months , dies MORE ( R - Ariz . ) drew in 2008 and the roughly 40 percent George W. Bush won in 2004 .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
All of the candidates on the stage were just there to continue the Obama project , which has wrecked the country , by another name .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The decision to do so was taken by the alliance after numerous concerns voiced by NATO ’s Eastern European allies who worried Russia ’s willingness and ability to annex Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and prompt an insurgency in the country ’s east could be replicated on their territory .	28	government.formation.mergegpe
She also noted that Trump had said in passing the idea of invading Iraq made sense and flip - flopped on Libya , good points when looking to temperament and decisiveness , but clearly a move away from squarely defending her own record .	12	conflict.attack.invade
He got divorced , quit flying because he knew his drinking presented a danger and failed at commercial fishing in Florida .	4	personnel.endposition.quitretire
1/11 Starvation A UN report said that policies leading to mass starvation in North Korea amounted to crimes against humanity .	1	life.injure.n/a
Mr. Trump ’s absence would leave the main debate stage without the candidate who leads in national polls , one who has been a big ratings draw for past debates .	8	contact.discussion.meet
Video footage captured the incident , raising new questions about whether Trump was implicitly encouraging such violence -- by , among other things , vowing to pay the legal fees of any supporters who fought protesters and faced arrest as a result .	24	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
He added : ' Many years later , when Putin became the FSB director and was preparing for the presidency , he began to seek and destroy any compromising materials collected against him .	26	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
But the documents show he now prefers to “ maintain a low profile and relative distance ” from his Palestinian grants , “ particularly on the advocacy front . ”	20	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Japanese banks have shown some public concern on lending on weapons , as indicated in a ban by Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi UFJ on lending to builders of cluster bombs , but there is greater pressure on European lenders .	8	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
The attacks involved targeted assassinations of leftwing Turkish intellectuals affiliated with the newspaper Cumhuriyet , in the form of car bombings and exploding parcels .	22	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
In a comment he wrote on his Twitter page , Koteich expressed dismay over the absence of an Israeli move to annex Aleppo .	21	government.formation.mergegpe
“ We are recording more and more signs of concealed preparations by the Turkish military , ” he added .	9	movement.transportartifact.hide
People inspect a damaged site after airstrikes on the rebel held Sheikh Fares neighborhood of Aleppo , Syria , on Saturday .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Erdoğan said that the attack was also a response to the 1,128 academics who signed a petition that described security operations against the PKK in the country 's southeast as a " massacre . "	32	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" We have removed all the checkpoints charged with the inspection of vehicles at 12 pm ; the blockade is being lifted ; it is moving into the legislative sphere … The guys will stay there [ in Ukraine 's Kherson Region , bordering Crimea ] , but just as observers , running checkpoints , similar to the checkpoints of an assault group or police checkpoints , " the Tatar nationalist organizer said .	10	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
( Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post ) Trump walks onstage to speak during a campaign event in Sioux City , Iowa .	9	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Caesar ’s team sometimes catalogued more than fifty corpses a day — emaciated , mutilated , cut , burned , shot , beaten , strangled , broken , melted .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
According to the Oxfam report , the offshore manipulations by the 50 largest US corporations cost the US taxpayer $ 111 billion each year , while robbing another $ 100 billion annually from countries overseas , many of them desperately poor .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
These people preach bile and hate in the name of virtue . ”	2	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Another Clinton foundation donor who had a HSBC account in the tax haven is Jeffrey Epstein , the hedge fund manager and convicted sex offender who once flew the former president on his private jet for charity events in Africa .	22	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
We need other people to reimburse us much more substantially than they are giving right now because [ they ] are only paying for a fraction of the cost . ”	5	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Erdogan 's comments came after a five - hour meeting of Turkey 's Supreme Military Council ( YAS ) - chaired by Prime Minister Binali Yildirim and including the top brass - and the dishonorable discharge of nearly 1,700 military personnel over their alleged role in the abortive putsch on July 15 - 16 .	35	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
First of all , Europe should lift the embargo on the Syrian people ; they do n’t have an embargo on the Syrian government , it is against the Syrian people .	19	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Russian military officials lashed out at the United States in the strongest language yet over the ceasefire struck last week in Geneva , a last - ditch effort to stop the bloodshed in Syria .	16	government.agreements.n/a
When the world is flinging money at you , it ’s important to use it for something productive .	4	movement.transportartifact.n/a
On practically every issue social justice advocates say we care about — from addressing poverty to providing a path to citizenship for immigrants to regulating Wall Street to raising taxes on the wealthy to establishing education as a right — Stein is much more with us ideologically than is Clinton .	34	government.formation.startgpe
Image copyright Twitter Image caption Many Ukrainians called for a boycott of the company	10	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
What if the FBI recommends indicting Hillary over the email scandal -- my law enforcement sources tell me this is a very real possibility .	4	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Germany , Canada and other Nato countries also pledged forces at a meeting on Wednesday of defence chiefs in Brussels .	8	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
She cited Macedonia 's ruling party being implicated in electoral fraud and a wire - tapping scandal and nonstop battles with the opposition that required EU intervention ; the fragile and still - pending approval of a " normalization " agreement between Serbia and Kosovo ; a " factionalized " Bosnian government that is hampered by the Republika Srpska leadership 's moves for greater autonomy ; and the administration of Montenegrin Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic 's " continued harassment " of the independent media .	40	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Less than a month after Roger Ailes was ousted as chairman of Fox News amid a growing list of sexual harassment allegations , Donald Trump has hired Ailes to help him prepare for the upcoming presidential debates against Hillary Clinton , the New York Times reports .	26	personnel.startposition.hiring
Despite Trump ’s terrifyingly close ties to her mother country , there was Shayk taking in the proceedings .	17	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
She shared that her sister is “ not doing that well , ” and called the armed robbery “ a wake - up call to make a lot of life adjustments . ” The news broke last week that Keeping Up With the Kardashians is suspending production , with no concrete plans on when they ’ll resume filming , and DeGeneres asked about reports that the family was scaling back on social media sharing .	17	conflict.attack.n/a
If you have not donated yet and you can afford it , stop procrastinating .	4	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Those who stray from this nonviolent narrative , like Emmet Rensin , an editor at Vox who tweeted that people should riot when Trump comes to town , face swift and punitive redress , urging them to fall back in line .	34	contact.commandorder.n/a
Eventually , Hotham and Automattic were victorious , with a Californian judge granting over $ 20,000 in damages , but it was a hollow victory : Sidorove and Straight Pride UK had disappeared off the face of the earth , leaving little chance of the money being paid out .	12	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
But it will be too late for at least 23 men , women and children who have already starved to death , while photos show emaciated people resorting to eating leaves and grass in desperate attempts to stay alive .	18	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
She did n’t appear to be dehydrated and that does n’t get fixed in 90 minutes . ”	6	life.injure.n/a
The FBI has crossed into the area of possible criminality , violating clear cut Federal Court restrictions , not only through an illegal search but by actually planting evidence and then channeling misleading information into the press with a clear intent to subvert constitutional authority .	32	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Martin , of the Urbandale Police Department , was one of two central Iowa police officers shot while they sat in squad vehicles at intersections roughly 2 miles apart shortly after 1 a.m. on November 2 , authorities said .	16	life.die.n/a
Not everyone was willing to downplay the gathering boycotts in this way , however , including folk at the furniture fair .	8	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
attorneys might discuss resolution of the matter .	2	contact.discussion.meet
It is also a sobering thought to consider that the “ refugee ” crisis which currently threatens to destroy Europe , was directly sparked off by this US government action as well , insofar as there are any genuine refugees fleeing the civil war in Syria .	40	movement.transportperson.n/a
Through business partnerships , Kaine said , Trump is in debt to the state - owned Bank of China , which the Virginia senator said calls into question the GOP nominee ’s pledge to negotiate more strongly with the Chinese government .	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Comey has been subsequently criticized ― by Democrats , ex - prosecutors and even some Republicans ― for violating protocol that says Department of Justice officials should generally avoid making these types of announcements so close to an election .	18	government.agreements.violateagreement
Federal sources have complained that portions of the Justice Department have been politicized to support the liberal agenda of the Obama administration , citing a 2010 investigation into how terrorist detainees at the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , obtained photos of CIA interrogators .	41	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Trump has promised to take on pharmaceutical companies , promising to have Medicare negotiate for lower drug prices .	13	contact.negotiate.meet
Sammie Olovsson said he was recovering in hospital in Hurghada after he was stabbed four times , suffering several wounds to his neck .	13	conflict.attack.stabbing
6 show all Donald Trump 's childhood home in Queens , New York , up for auction	16	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Clinton claimed the “ vast majority of my work emails went to government employees at their government addresses , which meant they were captured and preserved immediately ” by the State Department .	23	movement.transportperson.n/a
But these theories fail to account for the wellspring of hate required to kick an innocent child in front of a truck to set up an ambush , decapitate a helpless noncombatant for the sake of YouTube hits , or open fire in a Florida gay nightclub .	28	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
This is done based on individual dialogues we have with them , ' he said .	6	contact.discussion.meet
Since reaching out to Rewcastle Brown and the Guardian , Laura has handed over notes smuggled out of prison in which Justo says he has been framed .	15	movement.transportartifact.hide
Another worker with the group said he does not trust the Syrian and Russian forces to stop bombarding the area .	17	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Ban openly admitted that it was only after Riyadh threatened to cut off funding to the U.N. that he bowed to its demand to remove the Saudi - led coalition in Yemen , where it has launched a harsh military intervention , from a list of violators of children ’s rights contained in the annex of his annual Children and Armed Conflict report .	13	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
DoD Spox warns Syrian jets cud b shot down “ well advised not to interfere w/ US 8:56 AM – 19 Aug 2016	11	contact.requestadvise.n/a
I ’m sorry to say that the Elder God ’s campaign faces a serious constitutional challenge , as he was spawned on the world of Vhoorl in the twenty - third nebula and currently resides in the drowned corpse - city of R’lyeh , and as far as I know neither of these are US territory .	37	life.die.nonviolentdeath
When its crew refused to comply with repeated Israeli demands that it submit to an inspection of its cargo , Israeli commandos boarded the vessel and were violently attacked by IHH terrorists .	15	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Donald Trump 's paid campaign staffers on their personal social media accounts have declared that Muslims are unfit to be U.S. citizens , ridiculed Mexican accents , called for Secretary of State John F. Kerry to be hanged and stated their readiness for a possible civil war , according to a review by the Associated Press of their postings .	37	conflict.attack.hanging
Before it even started , Donald Trump had held a press conference with three women who ’ve accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault and one woman , Kathy Shelton , who loathes Hillary Clinton because , as a young attorney , Clinton was assigned to defend Shelton ’s indigent alleged rapist .	22	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
England spectators who were at the match have described a " desperate scramble " to escape charging Russia fans , some of who were wearing gum shields and MMA ( mixed martial arts ) gloves , one witness claimed .	15	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
He ’s gon na have to pay a big price , okay ? ” The past month has seen delegates to the Cleveland convention receiving death threats ; one of Trump ’s hatchet men , Roger Stone , has already threatened to publish the hotel rooms of delegates who refuse to vote for Trump .	40	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Duterte , well known for a ruthless stand against crime from his years as mayor of Davao City , won election in May on a promise to wipe out drugs and drug dealers .	19	personnel.elect.winelection
I used to see the 2.2 million incarcerated as simply criminals who had broken the law , but after meeting these people I realized the gangs inside are very much like the gangs in the White House . ” For example , in the film we see how D’Souza learned that most major crimes follow the procedure of plan , pitch , take , and deny .	7	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Increase funding for Title II and III of the Developmental Disabilities Act .	1	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Intelligence agents learned that someone had tried to recruit volunteers to detonate a car bomb outside Jameh ’s house .	8	personnel.startposition.hiring
They conitnue to feast on a dollar ’s worth of government largess , pay only 60 cents for it , borrow the rest , and stick you with their 40 cent tab year after year until over $ 19 trillion in debt has been left for you to sort out after we ’re gone .	13	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Some of their individual critiques of Stein are fair , but many are misleading .	13	contact.prevarication.n/a
Now you can certainly raise objections to the tactic of boycotting Israel , and lots of people have , but to render it illegal depends upon this grotesque equating of an advocacy of a boycott of Israel with anti - Semitism and then saying that because anti - Semitism should be banned from universities or from private institutions , that it should be literally outlawed , to ban advocating the boycott of Israel , as well .	34	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
At the same time , pressure is rising for a halt to a ferocious , three - week - old Syrian government offensive to capture the eastern zone of the city of Aleppo , where the United Nations says 275,000 civilians still live and 8,000 rebels are holding out against Syrian , Russian and Iranian - backed forces .	24	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The Associated Press , citing emails it had obtained , also reported Thursday that Mr. Manafort ’s work for Ukraine included a secret lobbying effort in Washington that he operated with an associate , Rick Gates , and that was aimed at influencing American news organizations and government officials .	8	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Computer seized in Weiner probe prompts FBI to take new steps in Clinton email inquiry	1	transaction.transaction.n/a
The hijacking again calls attention to security at Egyptian airports , five months after a Russian aircraft crashed over Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula minutes after it took off from Egypt 's Red Sea resort of Sharm el - Sheikh .	1	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
From Griff Witte and Karla Adam : Tommy Mair , 52 , had longstanding ties to a U.S.-based neo - Nazi organization and , in the past , had ordered a how - to guide for assembling a homemade gun .	36	manufacture.artifact.build
We are funding terrorism , " Yoho said , labeling it " unconscionable " to provide aid to Palestine in the name of peace while the Palestinian Authority is subsidizing terrorists .	15	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Lauer briefly brought up something that Trump tweeted in 2013 , when he wrote that there were 26,000 unreported sexual assaults and only 238 convictions .	20	life.injure.n/a
The alleged “ victim , ” Michael Brown , had just committed a strong - armed robbery and refused to comply with Officer Darren Wilson ’s order to surrender .	16	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The second victim , 82 , was also stabbed multiple times and is in the department for heart surgery . She does n’t need surgery , but is being closely monitored due to a preexisting heart condition . ”Meanwhile , Rosenfeld said , security has been heightened throughout the capital , and will continue at elevated levels throughout the holiday . “All public areas will have additional police units deployed and nothing will be left to chance , as the city observes Remembrance Day and Independence Day , ” he said . Last October , the Armon Hanatziv / East Talpiot neighborhood made international headlines after two terrorists from Jebl Mukaber stormed an Egged bus and stabbed and shot four victims to death before being killed by police . To stymie the deadly violence between the Arab and Jewish communities , police temporarily set up a concrete wall and checkpoint around Jebl Mukaber , which was soon taken down amid protests by human rights groups . Near the scene of Tuesday ’s attack , a cross - section of residents expressed shock and indignation that the assailants preyed on women in their 80s . Meir Shahar , 67 , a longtime resident of Armon Hanatziv/ East Talpiot said young Arab residents from Jebl Mukaber have long intimidated and terrorized Jews living in his neighborhood , but said he was stunned that defenseless elderly women were stabbed in the back . “These are old women ! ” he said with clear revulsion .	8	conflict.attack.n/a
( Carlos Garcia Rawlins / Reuters ) The photo taken by the U.N. Mission in Haiti shows some of the damage in Jeremie , which suffered the greatest destruction as a result of Hurricane Matthew .	20	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
We had the Turkish coups over the weekend and that led me to go back and look at the biography of Kemal Atatürk , the man who founded modern Turkey .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
In 2010 , the outlet promised to release a major dump of sensitive Russian documents that would embarrass Putin .	5	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
The interview was n’t even over .	1	contact.discussion.meet
Letters and notes by SS chiefs Heinrich Himmler and Reinhard Heydrich , the main architects of the Holocaust , are on sale as well .	17	life.die.n/a
President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed the proposed deal during talks last weekend in China .	7	contact.discussion.correspondence
Hide Caption 12 of 14 Photos : The many facial expressions of Donald Trump Trump greets onlookers after taping an interview with Anderson Cooper at a Trump - owned building in New York on July 22 .	29	manufacture.artifact.build
Crash site : The aircraft , carrying three crew and two officers , was shot down down in the Idlib province in north western Syria today	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Killing the people who are providing aid to your enemies is effective	5	transaction.transaction.n/a
On Friday Putin laughed off fan violence at the Euros and urged local authorities in France to treat supporters from all countries equally .	11	contact.commandorder.meet
Last Saturday , a journalist employed by liberal Huffington Post reported that the Federal Bureau of Investigations ( FBI ) will recommend that the Department of Justice file a Federal criminal complaint , indicting U.S. Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton .	33	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
The New York Times reports that " handwritten ledgers show $ 12.7 million in undisclosed cash payments designated for Mr. Manafort from Mr. Yanukovych ’s pro - Russian political party from 2007 to 2012 , according to Ukraine ’s newly formed National Anti - Corruption Bureau . "	16	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
A top Republican on national security said he advised Donald Trump that Russia was using hacked information to influence the election process , but the GOP presidential nominee did n't appear to believe him .	8	contact.requestadvise.n/a
( Hector Retamal / AFP / Getty Images ) A man walks by fallen trees in Jeremie .	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
It was rumoured Kim also ordered the execution of Jang 's brothers , children and grandchildren to consolidate power .	7	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
PolitiFact notes that just one of those 34 homicides was fully adjudicated .	8	life.die.n/a
The dcoments contained detailed lists of 100,000 alledged donors , addresses , and phone numbers , and well as amounts donated ...	20	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The foundation violated the agreement at least five times .	4	government.agreements.violateagreement
" The formula for destroying the Islamic State , Giuliani said , included air strikes , group troops , a no - fly zone in Syrian — and removing the country 's president , Bashar Assad . You also have to control the Internet .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
" I think it 's not going to take votes from simply the Republican ticket , though it will .	9	government.vote.castvote
The same goes for court proceedings , corporate documents , scientific papers , and audio and video recordings , only double .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
7/10 Pakistan The severe human rights failings of its response to the horrific Peshawar school massacre including its relentless use of the death penalty ; and its policy on international NGOs giving authorities the power to monitor them and close them down if they are considered to be “ against the interests ” of the country .	22	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
It denounced the deaths as a " massacre " .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
Suskind , whose appearance with Snowden was also arranged by APB , said it was his “ understanding ” from Wizner that Snowden was going to donate half his fee to the Freedom of the Press Foundation .	26	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
It 's hard to know who counts as a " recent migrant , " or what " charged with terrorism " means , but there 's no evidence this is true .	17	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
A South Korean lawmaker said Sunday that intelligence on the launch suggested that it had likely been timed to coincide with the NFL Super Bowl and Chinese New Year , in order to maximize international media impact .	11	contact.requestadvise.n/a
“ There is a lot of hunger and starvation in the United States , so how come I have n’t been able to find a home for this six - cents - a - pound food yet ? ” Johnson asked .	8	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Through Cohn , Trump made choices that — gratuitously , it appears — resulted in his first known business dealings with mob - controlled companies and unions , a pattern that continued long after Cohn died .	35	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Credit : Alon Hachman)Shortly beforehand , one Israeli was moderately wounded in a suspected terror stabbing in Petah Tikva . The assailant was also stabbed during the incident , after the haredi victim removed the knife from his neck and stabbed the assailant .	24	conflict.attack.stabbing
Fewer people would have died in the Holocaust if the world had accepted more Jewish refugees .	7	life.die.n/a
The openly hostile government installed in Kiev the very next day by the State Department threatened to join NATO , persecute the Russian - speaking minority in eastern Ukraine , renounce its multi - billion financial obligations to Moscow and imperil Russia ’s rental arrangement for the homeport of its the Black Sea naval fleet in Sevastopol ( Crimea ) .	15	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
At the press conference , Netanyahu remarked on criticism of him and the agreement in the last day by opposition chairman Isaac Herzog and others , including former Likud minister Gideon Saar .	13	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
It also acknowledged “ segregation issues ” inside the Stade Vélodrome , where Russians charged at terrified England fans at the final whistle , and promised to work with tournament organisers to improve matters .	25	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
In a conflict , mobile launchers can quickly shoot and move to a new position making it very difficult for satellites or spy planes to track them .	22	government.spy.spy
Blackburn questioned a controversial Hillary Clinton decision permitting Russia to obtain a controlling stake in a U.S. uranium company after an effort led by Ian Teller , a major Clinton Foundation donor , and Canadian billionaire Frank Giustra , a long - time friend of Bill Clinton .	10	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Or on the other hand , to urge Clinton , as Morning Joe 's Mika Brzezinski sympathetically tried to do this past May , to " speak from the heart , " maybe even get emotional about what were clearly the worst few years of her life .	7	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
They were jailed for 19 years last August .	2	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
A massive security operation was launched in the aftermath of the deadly massacre with survivors evacuated with their hands up	15	movement.transportperson.n/a
Barry Goldwater was a hard - right conservative from Arizona who to the horror of many in his party had won Ku Klux Klan endorsement , advocated the use of nuclear weapons and accepted his party 's nomination with a speech that included the now - infamous paraphrasing of Cicero : " I would remind you that extremism in the defence of liberty is no vice ! "	26	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
So not only does attacking medical facilities and personnel hamper the ability of that one facility and those personnel to provide aid to the regime ’s enemies , it also deters people in other areas of Syria from providing aid .	20	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
In Rome , you either burned incense to Caesar , or you were executed .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
ISIS sets up temporary roadblocks .	4	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Researchers found the emails by tracing the malicious URLs set up by Fancy Bear using Bitly , a link shortening service .	3	contact.collaborate.n/a
The US secretary of state , John Kerry , said on Wednesday that Washington would no longer negotiate with Moscow if it did not stop the bombardment .	17	contact.negotiate.correspondence
He had once tried to strangle himself when ISIS guards strung his arms up by chains .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
The arrest , announced Tuesday , was the result of collaboration with the FBI and was based on a so - called Interpol red notice .	1	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter , meanwhile , accused Russia of intimidating its immediate neighbors , and said he doubted whether Moscow was still committed to strategic stability on nuclear weapons .	11	contact.threatencoerce.meet
President Kennedy surrendered to the lure of Talmudists who pledged to put him in the White House as the president of the United States .	2	conflict.yield.n/a
The complaint by the former world champion and political activist , a Russian national who lives in the United States , dates back to 2007 , when Russian authorities confiscated his ticket and passport and detained him at Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow .	29	transaction.transaction.n/a
Diplomatic officials working in Britain have allegedly used their immunity to avoid prosecution for serious criminal offences including child pornography and human trafficking , Boris Johnson has told parliament .	22	movement.transportperson.n/a
“ The day of the Newtown shooting , ” Urrutia says , “ I was the whole day here .	6	conflict.attack.firearmattack
He ca n't be intimidated .	4	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
“ Russia ’s purchase of the company ‘ had as much of an impact on national security as it would have if they set the money on fire , ’ said Lewis .	3	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
A group of teens participating in a flash mob removed red bands from their mouths as an Armenian girl passed by in a symbolic gesture meaning that it is impossible to hush up the genocide any longer .	34	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ I believe that they are positioning themselves so that someday they could invade Israel to be able to take over the vast stores of oil and natural gas that Israel is controlling , ” she said , adding that “ this very unique new partnership between Iran and Russia in Syria ” with the support of China “ lines up with scripture . ” All of these powers , she said , are seeking “ a global world order to keep their game going into the future and to support them if they would invade against Israel . ”	95	conflict.attack.invade
Already , Clinton has claimed international affairs as a key battleground against Trump , devoting her first major address of the general - election campaign to the topic .	18	contact.mediastatement.n/a
Although police believe Rich was the victim of a botched robbery attempt , Assange hinted at a darker possibility : that Rich was murdered for sharing documents with WikiLeaks .	10	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Slattery , the lobbyist , volunteered as an election monitor during Ukraine 's 2004 elections .	8	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough	3	life.injure.n/a
NATO - member Turkey said another Russian warplane violated its airspace on Friday despite several warnings — two months after Turkey 's military shot down a Russian jet for crossing over its territory .	23	conflict.attack.n/a
Most Republicans also support Trump 's proposed ban on Muslim immigration , while a majority of Americans oppose it .	10	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Each of these systems fires high - explosive ( and often armor - piercing ) projectiles , and each was commonly used by insurgents in attacks .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
He has been pushing the oil collapse as an “ opportunity ” that will wean Russia off energy imports and diversify the economy .	18	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Hassan Haj Ali is a rebel commander who told us his men have received weapons from the U.S. and are trying to fight off the assault .	25	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Oil Imports & Dependency — Under Obama , U.S. reliance on imported oil has been cut by more than half .	11	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
And so I have an idea for CNN , MSNBC , FOX News and the three broadcast networks : Stop interviewing Trump , and stop paying his surrogates , until he releases his tax records .	20	contact.discussion.correspondence
Russia granted Snowden temporary asylum in 2013 , and the controversial whistleblower has resided there ever since .	1	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
A less than subtle ' blackmail ' attempt by the Prime Minister of Israel urged Clinton to release an American who was spying for Israel , according to another Clinton author , Daniel Halper , in his book Clinton Inc.	5	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Instead , U.S. nuclear escalation with Russia and China threatens “ to revive a Cold War - era arms race , ” as The New York Times put it .	9	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Early in the mission , astronauts can experience disorientation , space motion sickness and a loss of sense of direction .	12	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
We ’re borrowing , we ’re borrowing all of this money .	2	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Clinton 's support for drilling and fracking , promotion of free trade deals , and contributions from Big Oil tell us she 'll fight a border skirmish .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
SANDERS : Let me just reiterate — just reiterate so there is no confusion , decades ago , before it was popular , in a rural state with no gun control , Bernie Sanders said , let ’s ban assault weapons , not see them distributed in the United States of America .	5	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The media governing body expressed its “ gratitude ” for a fruitful cooperation and the contribution of RT Spanish to the national satellite and digital broadcasts in a letter signed by RTA ’s Maria Eugenia Martinez , who emphasized that current notification of suspension “ does not prevent the conclusion of other future partnerships . ”	25	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
On July 19 , Ukraine reported seven soldiers had been killed and 14 injured .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ A band of hooligans raided our camp , stole from us , pulled and sliced all of our electrical lines leaving us with no refrigeration and wasting our food and glued our trailer doors shut , vandalized most of our camping infrastructure , dumped 200 gallons of potable water flooding our camp .	37	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
The economy soon plunged as labor disputes wracked the mining and oil sectors .	3	movement.transportartifact.n/a
They do not pay us , " said the Donald .	3	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
That suggests a lack of confidence that State ’s classified systems can be fully trusted .	1	contact.requestadvise.n/a
" We have undeniable evidence that certain individuals , and they are certainly not those arrested down there , have been following movements of the Montenegrin prime minister and informing other people about them , " Vucic said , adding that other groups might yet be found .	15	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
He also warned about the NSA earlier this week posting for auction some of its most powerful spying tools -- considered electronic lock picks with code names such as " buzzdirection " and " epicbanana . "	11	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
" But it seems that his emails were either destroyed or never turned over , adding yet another layer to the secrecy surrounding his role . "	9	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
But the campaign was marked by scandals and rumors of vote - rigging — at one point before the election , Yushchenko was mysteriously poisoned , paralyzing part of his face — and a popular uprising forced Yanukovych to yield the presidency to his challenger .	24	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
We urge the responsible parties to grant us this access immediately . ”	1	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
An armed police man guards the downtown pedestrian zone near Marienplatz square following a rampage shooting in the city	15	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Earlier on Monday , firefighters had discovered the decapitated body of a 4-year - old child after putting out a fire in an apartment in northwestern Moscow , the Interfax news agency reported .	8	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Anadolu also said Ankara prosecutors requested the seizure of the assets of 3,049 judges and prosecutors detained as part of the investigation into the coup attempt .	16	movement.transportperson.preventexit
In less than one hour the Russian planes have killed more than 50 people and injured more than 200 . "	15	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The vote passed unopposed as lawmakers agreed it would confer legitimacy on the Russian presence in Syria .	9	contact.discussion.correspondence
So they probably now have a blackmail file over someone who wants to be the president of the United States .	6	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
-- Scalia passed away at a luxury West Texas ranch close to the Mexican border called Cibolo Creek , which has hosted movie stars like Mick Jagger , Bruce Willis and Tommy Lee Jones .	2	life.die.n/a
In February 2011 , as the Arab Spring was in full swing , Trump advocated an aerial campaign to decapitate the regime of his erstwhile friend .	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ When you juxtapose that with President Obama , who has appointed more diverse judges than anyone in history , I think that is a huge distinction . ”	11	personnel.startposition.hiring
The breakdown threatens a planned United Nations effort to provide aid to Syria ’s largest city , Aleppo , where upwards of 250,000 people are trapped by the hostilities .	9	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Thermobaric weapons generate a high - temperature explosion followed by a blast wave that lasts far longer than a conventional explosive .	11	conflict.attack.bombing
Meanwhile , a French judge deferred a ruling on a government plan to demolish part of a refugee and migrant camp in Calais near the entrance to the Channel tunnel .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Clinton has said she supports “ comprehensive immigration reform , ” and she has vowed that within the first 100 days as president , she would send a plan to Congress that would include “ a path to full and equal citizenship ” for those currently in the country illegally .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
October 24 , 2015 - A bomb explodes during a Shiite procession near a place of worship in Dhaka , Bangladesh .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
… If we get the resolution and Saddam does not comply , we can attack him with far more support and legitimacy than we would have otherwise . ” This international support is “ crucial , ” she added , because , “ after shots are fired and bombs are dropped , not all consequences are predictable . ”	48	conflict.attack.bombing
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption A bloodied England fan was among a number detained by police	14	movement.transportperson.preventexit
We need other people to reimburse us much more substantially than they are giving right now because [ they ] are only paying for a fraction of the cost . ”	5	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
He did n’t lie about his medical discharge from the military or his position as a NSA contractor .	7	personnel.endposition.n/a
As we know , a reporter on the piece , Natasha Stoynoff , now claims that Mr. Trump forced his tongue down her throat and proposed having an affair — while she was reporting on the Trumps ’ love story .	25	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Syrian military intensifies airstrikes on rebel positions in # Aleppo https://t.co/S2tBsTo3vk pic.twitter.com/cpNt4Xsevb — China Xinhua News ( @XHNews ) September 28 , 2016	3	conflict.attack.n/a
Surkov is believed to have played a key role in Russia ’s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and is on both the United States and European Union ’s sanctions lists for helping to orchestrate the land grab .	35	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
It risked amplifying Michelle Obama ’s central point : that Trump is a candidate who belittles real concerns women have about sexual assault .	22	conflict.attack.n/a
" I ca n't talk about , " he said and walked away .	11	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
In Laleli , an Istanbul neighbourhood famous for clothing exports , the shopkeepers complain about the slump in trade since the Russian jet was shot down .	9	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Between September 2011 and November 2012 , Douglas E. Schoen , a former political consultant for Mr. Clinton , arranged about a dozen meetings with State Department officials on behalf of or with Mr. Pinchuk to discuss the continuing political crisis in Ukraine , according to reports Mr. Schoen filed as a registered lobbyist .	36	contact.discussion.n/a
Brazile added that " We would urge anyone attempting to access these documents to proceed with extreme caution given the potential malware risks . "	6	contact.requestadvise.n/a
“ I do n’t trust Iranians — almost went to jail over Iran - Contra , ” he wrote , referring to a political scandal in the United States in the late 1980s , in which American officials were caught facilitating weapons sales to Iran , despite an arms embargo .	49	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Aligadjiev senior said the authorities had been faced with a choice " to kill them , to jail them or to send them wherever they want . "	17	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The manner in which he wired the funds , however , place into context why the Iran Deal was horrible , why the Western allies capitulated on every point to the Iranians , the U.S./NATO descent into fealty before the Russian government under Vladimir Putin , and finally why it is there was no signed treaty — only a deal outlined and agreed upon with little more than a handshake with Iran ’s chief diplomat , Javad Zarif , during last spring ’s summit in Vienna .	55	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
But does n’t advocating lesser evil voting mean one does n’t care about the long term and that one is , as some commentators have suggested , a running dog lackey of imperialism ?	6	government.vote.castvote
The emails obtained by Yahoo News show that officials at the schools , while usually enthusiastic about the idea of having Snowden speak to their students , raised multiple questions about his appearances , including whether he was donating some portion of his payments to charities or nonprofit groups , whether he was paying U.S. taxes on his fees and whether the payments might be prohibited by an executive order signed by President Obama last year declaring cyberhacking a national security threat subject to sanctions by the U.S. Treasury Department .	38	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Many members of Congress , who feel so badly burned by the federal government shutdown he forced in 2013 , would have capitulated and endorsed Cruz had he been the nominee in Cleveland .	22	conflict.yield.n/a
I find it particularly troubling that he flatters him in the context of assassinating journalists , " Mook said Wednesday in Philadelphia .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Trump responded to the latest attack on his foreign policy chops with a statement directly blaming both Clinton and President Barack Obama for " destabilizing the Middle East , having let ISIS take firm hold in Iraq , Libya and Syria , not to mention their allowing Americans to be slaughtered at Benghazi . "	50	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Both Oman and Qatar , which were also noted by the State Department for Human Rights practices against women , donated at least $ 1 million to the Clinton Foundation .	20	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Buildings which were damaged during the security operations and clashes between Turkish security forces and Kurdish militants , are pictured in Sur district of Diyarbakir , Turkey February 11 , 2016 .	9	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" In contrast to other major developing countries , growth in India remained robust , buoyed by strong investor sentiment and the positive effect on real incomes of the recent fall in oil prices , " the World Bank said .	26	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
It is reported that Clinton and Giustra took his private jet to Kazakhstan and met with Nursultan A Nazarbayev , the “ autocratic president ” of Kazakhstan .	14	contact.discussion.meet
There has been no official comment on the murders .	8	life.die.n/a
The Wall Street Journal reported that he is suspected of installing malicious software on servers to obtain millions of dollars in commission payments .	22	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Police have detained Elizaveta Dubrovina on suspicion of killing Stefania at an apartment owned by a 44-year - old male photographer in St Petersburg on 24 February .	2	movement.transportperson.preventexit
A nanny in Russia accused of murdering and then decapitating a little girl in her care has admitted in court that she carried out the act .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Huey Long famously recruited political operative Gerald L.K.	3	personnel.startposition.hiring
What they were involved in at the annex was a gun - running program to transfer the weapons from Libya , after they had destroyed that country , to Syria .	24	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
But now , as Mrs. Clinton seeks the White House , the funding of the sprawling philanthropy has become an Achilles ’ heel for her campaign and , if she is victorious , potentially her administration as well .	12	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
There were conflicting initial reports about the circumstances of the ensuing firefight .	11	conflict.attack.firearmattack
When voters are deceived and then told to accept the deception , a Trump presidency is the natural consequence .	3	contact.prevarication.n/a
They say it included a robbery , a shooting and a car theft that resulted in a crash that left a bystander critically injured .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
The vast amount of resources diverted into slaughter and destruction in the Middle East and Central Asia could have funded the $ 3.32 trillion that the American Society of Civil Engineers ( ASCE ) says must be spent over the next decade to fix America ’s crumbling ports , highways , bridges , trains , water and electric facilities and paid off the entire $ 1.26 trillion in student debt , with money left over .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
LAUNCESTON , Australia , Sept 26 ( Reuters ) - It appears that China is interpreting the " people 's well - being " as meaning North Korea should be able to export record amounts of coal in defiance of sanctions against the rogue nuclear - armed state .	40	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
At a later rally in Lakeland , Florida , Trump made his clearest demand yet for Hillary Clinton to be jailed over her mishandling of classified information as secretary of state .	13	contact.commandorder.n/a
A man inspects the damage after airstrikes by pro - Syrian government forces in the rebel held al - Sakhour neighbourhood of Aleppo , Syria February 5 , 2016 .	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
( Salt Lake Tribune ) ESPN fired Curt Schilling as a commentator after he shared an anti - transgender meme on Facebook to offer support for North Carolina ’s “ bathroom bill . ” The subsidiary of Disney called the retired pitcher ’s conduct “ unacceptable . ” ( Des Bieler ) The British Foreign Office released an advisory warning travelers to be aware of the controversial LGBT laws in North Carolina and Mississippi before visiting the United States .	40	personnel.endposition.quitretire
How many defenseless civilians did he slaughter in Vietnam ?	6	conflict.attack.n/a
A Swedish foreign ministry spokeswoman confirmed that the UN panel , due to publish its findings on Friday , had concluded that Assange was “ arbitrarily detained . ” The WikiLeaks founder sought asylum from Ecuador in June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden to face questioning over rape and sexual assault allegations , which he denies .	26	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Vaccination campaigns in France ’s west African colonies between 1933 and 1961 caused yellow fever virtually to disappear from the continent — until decolonisation , when vaccination rates plummeted and the disease reappeared .	14	life.injure.n/a
In April , Palm Beach ’s architectural commission approved a plan to demolish the home .	12	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Instead , seven weeks later , at a military base called Camp Justice , Saddam was hanged while Shiite guards taunted him .	16	conflict.attack.hanging
In his final speech at the Republican National Convention last month , Trump bemoaned the “ violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities ” but , true to form , laid the blame on hordes of “ illegal immigrants … roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens ” ; “ brutal Islamic terrorism ” ; and the enabling of a Democratic president whom Trump has previously and unsubtly intimated is n’t really American himself .	43	movement.transportperson.n/a
And Bannon is n’t even the only media mogul helping : ousted Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes is reportedly advising Trump in the run up to the first debate , despite allegations against him of sexual misconduct at Fox .	11	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Kadyrov 's outbursts have sparked an online debate , with supporters responding to the " shame of Russia " jibe with the hashtag " Kadyrov is the pride of Russia . "	7	contact.discussion.correspondence
It ’s a tooth that punctures through meat and bones . ”	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Potential safety threats are another matter : The Chernobyl explosion and meltdown , which took place 30 years ago , as well as the 2011 disaster at Fukushima cast a long shadow over the nuclear - energy debate .	9	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
If a truck is going in anyway , we will detain the driver , ” he said .	10	movement.transportperson.preventexit
A spokesman for Israel ’s Interior Ministry told NBC that three of the five campaigners were denied entry for “ security reasons ” but did not elaborate on what those reasons were .	16	movement.transportartifact.n/a
What makes Obama ’s drone joke particularly non - funny is that on the same night in 2010 — just a few hours before Obama spoke — a Bridgeport , Conn. , man , Faisal Shahzad attempted to detonate a car bomb in New York City ’s Times Square .	38	conflict.attack.bombing
And Trump appears to fully approve of the war crimes they are committing — perhaps not so surprising from a candidate who has threatened to commit war crimes of his own , such as torturing terrorists , killing their relatives , bombing indiscriminately , and stealing Iraq ’s oil .	23	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Rather , they are rightfully wary of a mutually beneficial relationship between a Russian dictator and an American demagogue that could ultimately harm citizens of Russia , citizens of the US , and citizens of the many other states most directly affected by this alliance , starting with Ukraine and the Baltic members of NATO .	22	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Immigration officers would be able to immediately deport people visiting the country who " preach hate " and those who immigrate to the United States would be expected to assimilate , he said .	20	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
A man who admitted to the hijacking and was described by Cypriot authorities as " psychologically unstable " is in custody .	6	conflict.attack.n/a
Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty , the section compelling member nations to provide aid , was invoked for the first time in the history of the organization in the wake of 9/11 .	14	transaction.transaction.n/a
As a senator , she was more successful than most of her cohorts in negotiating amendments to bills , and in the wake of 9/11 she had New York City ’s back .	14	contact.negotiate.meet
We do n’t build anymore .	3	manufacture.artifact.build
The lucrative packages go some way toward compensating recruits for one of their biggest headaches -- government bureaucracy .	7	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Timeline of terror : France 's deadliest Islamist attacks	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In 2009 , soon after President Obama took office , his newly appointed Secretary of State initiated what the White House called a “ reset ” in relations with Russia .	12	personnel.startposition.hiring
Administrative probation generally features monthly self - reporting by offenders about the time rent ’s due – a box - checking exercise that allows probation officers to focus on more serious cases .	13	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
CSIC could not immediately be reached for comment . Beijing included the development of two marine nuclear power plants , to be built by CNNC and the China General Nuclear Power Corporation ( CGN ) respectively , in its five - year plan for 2016 - 2020 , both companies announced this year . It did not specify where the marine facilities would be constructed . The CNNC plant is expected to start operation in 2019 and CGN 's the following year , according to their statements . Nuclear power is already used at sea for aircraft carriers and submarines , but doing so for civilian purposes appears to be unprecedented .	64	manufacture.artifact.build
In the coming weeks , the organization charged with maintaining the internet 's infrastructure will unveil a plan to surrender the US government 's oversight , marking a symbolic step towards more decentralized internet control after years of international pressure .	19	conflict.yield.surrender
He was borrowing $ 14 million from his father to start his businesses .	2	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Each of these systems fires high - explosive ( and often armor - piercing ) projectiles , and each was commonly used by insurgents in attacks .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Almost 30 years later , Kasparov is an advocate of free - market capitalism — one who argues that competitive failure is a crucial component of creativity and innovation .	8	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) meanwhile called for the " immediate establishment of humanitarian routes " into Aleppo , where hospitals are running out of supplies and rubble - strewn streets are preventing ambulances from getting through .	27	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
If Trump was the first person in a presidential debate to threaten a rival with jail , Clinton was the first to label her opponent an agent of a hostile foreign power .	15	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
These funds came from a series of enormous unsecured loans from the state - controlled Russian Commercial Bank ( RCB ) located in Cyprus and other state banks .	9	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Each claim is either misleading or outrageously wrong .	4	contact.prevarication.correspondence
The US and Russia have been negotiating for months to try to secure a cessation of hostilities but the latest truce collapsed last week after only a few days and attacks on eastern Aleppo have since intensified .	6	contact.negotiate.meet
May 20 , 2016 - Two members of the Egyptian security forces were killed when a roadside bomb detonated close to their vehicle near the town of Al - Arish , in northern Sinai .	18	conflict.attack.bombing
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Britain said on Wednesday it will send fighter jets to Romania next year and the United States promised troops , tanks and artillery to Poland in NATO 's biggest military build - up on Russia 's borders since the Cold War .	45	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" If people are serious about wanting a peaceful outcome to this war , then they should cease and desist bombing innocent women and children , cease cutting off water and laying siege in medieval terms to an entire community , and work with the international community in order to be able to bring peace to people who are starving – literally starving , but also starving for the possibilities of a future without chlorine dropping on them out of the sky , barrel bombs , and indiscriminate bombing . "	62	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
While in Russian jail , she was elected a member of the Ukrainian parliament and is widely regarded in Ukraine as a symbol of resistance against Russia .	7	personnel.elect.n/a
They will highlight targeted measures like Obama ’s record pardoning of 214 convicts .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Donald Trump ’s once delayed , and much anticipated , speech on Hillary Clinton ’s character included numerous false and misleading statements :	20	contact.prevarication.meet
From the beginning , the CIA and the Arab intelligence agencies relied on Jordanian security services to transport the weapons , many bought in bulk in the Balkans and elsewhere around Eastern Europe .	17	movement.transportartifact.fall
The emails were sent from the Gmail account of Ian Mellul , who is a contractor employed as an advance associate at the White House , and include correspondences with other White House employees as well as with Mellul 's friends and professors .	16	personnel.startposition.n/a
The shipment was sent to a facility located on the Dutch island of Curacao in the Caribbean .	1	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The real agenda being regime change or commandeering the natural resources of the target country for the gratification of Wall Street banks and other American corporations – in the exact same scam that pertained in the old days of Marine Corps Major General Smedley Butler , who later confessed to being a henchman on behalf of US capitalism , by overthrowing governments in Central America and the Caribbean during the early 1900s .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
In the future , we need to assume that anything leaked could be false , designed to deceive and manipulate .	17	contact.prevarication.correspondence
32/42 Joey Feek Joey ( left ) passed away in March after a two - year cancer illness .	7	life.die.n/a
Some speculate that Assange , who has said he fears the death penalty were he ever to be extradited to the US , hopes he would be treated leniently by a Trump administration .	18	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
I used to see the 2.2 million incarcerated as simply criminals who had broken the law , but after meeting these people I realized the gangs inside are very much like the gangs in the White House . ” For example , in the film we see how D’Souza learned that most major crimes follow the procedure of plan , pitch , take , and deny .	7	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Later ( and sparse ) press coverage indicates that as a courtesy to Secretary Clinton , she was given the oath privately .	20	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Although police believe Rich was the victim of a botched robbery attempt , Assange hinted at a darker possibility : that Rich was murdered for sharing documents with WikiLeaks .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
: : Arrangements to evacuate some areas by Islamic State forces BEFORE the Syrian army attacked .	4	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
WASHINGTON — Top Army and Marine Corps generals warned lawmakers their combat readiness is ebbing and expressed concern they would be unable to fight and win another war in the midst of budget cuts , two wars and heightened global threats .	27	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Two of the three biggest accidents in the country with radioactive hydrogen , which is called tritium , happened at Livermore Lab , airborne releases of this radioactive hydrogen .	5	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Trump has sought and received funding from Russian investors for his business ventures , especially after most American banks stopped lending to him .	20	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Keen sportsman Galakhov confessed to gunning her down with an unspecified weapon after being detained by police on suspicion of murder .	14	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
White is said to have emailed Leidig , " As I mentioned previously , I understand that you are producing this viral content for sale in order to fund your laudable investigative journalism , such as your report into the issue of child trafficking in Europe , and I am keen to reflect this fact in the article . "	43	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
WASHINGTON - US President Barack Obama discussed the Syria crisis with Russian leader Vladimir Putin by telephone , including the importance of rushing humanitarian aid to that country and containing air strikes , the White House said on Sunday .	16	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The United States said it would work with partners to impose new sanctions , and called on China to use its influence - as North Korea 's main ally - to pressure Pyongyang to end its nuclear program .	12	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Red Cross aid convoy denied entry to Syrian city of Darayya Read more	4	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Podesta and Sullivan helped Clinton prep for Wednesday ’s debate here and traveled aboard the campaign plane with her to the debate , while Tanden is still listed as a co - chair of Clinton ’s transition team .	9	contact.negotiate.meet
A TV embargo would starve Trump ’s ego , feed his vast insecurities , and rob him of the biggest crutch in his campaign — free media .	2	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Outwardly , she remained stoic and defiant , defending her husband as a progression of women and well - funded conservative operatives accused Mr. Clinton of behavior unbecoming the leader of the free world .	19	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
By contrast , 30 questions were asked about ISIS or terrorism ( almost half of them concentrated in the December 19 debate , which took place days after the San Bernardino shootings ) and 11 questions were asked Russia .	21	contact.negotiate.meet
“ Secretary Clinton ’s top vulnerability tested in this poll is the attack that claims as Secretary of State she signed off on a deal that gave the Russian government control over 20 percent of America 's uranium production , after investors in the deal donated over $ 140 million to the Clinton Foundation , ” a June report from the Benenson Strategy Group concluded .	45	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The bombing of an aid convoy last month saw a fragile ceasefire disintegrate and put even greater strain on relations between the US and Moscow .	11	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
This " auction " seems an awful good way to publicly embarrass a political rival in a way that ca n't be positively attributed .	2	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Currently there are 50 confirmed fatalities , including the gunman , and 53 injured .	13	life.injure.n/a
I have the biggest bank in the world from China paying me rent .	12	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
French riot police moved in after local Nice youths hurled bottles at Northern Ireland supporters in cafes near the central Place Massena .	9	movement.transportartifact.n/a
They conitnue to feast on a dollar ’s worth of government largess , pay only 60 cents for it , borrow the rest , and stick you with their 40 cent tab year after year until over $ 19 trillion in debt has been left for you to sort out after we ’re gone .	20	transaction.transferownership.n/a
His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War .	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The building and cars parked near it were damaged by gunfire and explosions during the clash , but no casualties were reported among police officers or civilians .	12	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
During the primary process , Cruz and others assailed Trump over the Supreme Court , suggesting he could n’t be trusted to appoint a true conservative due to his past support for Democrats and abortion rights .	8	conflict.attack.n/a
Decades of neglect of this network coupled with a rollback of pre - delegated authority increased its vulnerability to a decapitation strike by a combination of kinetic and cybernetic assaults .	29	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
During the Virginia rally , Trump drew his biggest cheers by saying , " We 're going to build a wall , do n't worry , " and demand that Mexico pay for it .	28	contact.commandorder.broadcast
" False declarations of nationality are rife among nationals who are unlikely to obtain asylum , " said Frontex , adding that " there is a risk that some persons representing a security threat to the EU may be taking advantage of this situation . "	14	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
May used a speech in central London to argue that it was the convention , rather than the EU , that had caused the extradition of extremist Abu Hamza to be delayed for years and that had almost stopped the deportation of Abu Qatada .	24	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The Greenpeace volunteers were in the Kuban region helping local fire services battle grass fires and also educating local groups in fire prevention , an expedition a Greenpeace spokesman said had previously been carried out elsewhere without trouble .	10	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Protesters clashed with troops , shops were closed , public services suspended .	1	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
1/11 Starvation A UN report said that policies leading to mass starvation in North Korea amounted to crimes against humanity .	11	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
On Tuesday , hacked Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) files released by the Guccifer 2.0 hacker reveal circulated talking points intended to combat the Clinton Cash revelation that the former head of the Russian uranium company UraniumOne , Ian Telfer , made four undisclosed Clinton Foundation donations totaling $ 2.35 million — a clear violation of Hillary Clinton ’s ethics agreement with the Obama administration to disclose all donations .	61	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
The firm typically recommends that clients conduct a so - called breach assessment to determine whether hackers are already lurking in the network , Papadopoulos said .	3	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Bernie Sanders departs his Capitol Hill house yesterday to walk with his wife Jane to his campaign headquarters .	9	movement.transportperson.n/a
Cisco has donated between $ 1 million and $ 5 million to the Clinton Foundation .	2	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
The Syrian Air Force then bombed YPG targets , killing several Kurdish civilians while others fled the city .	15	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
( Note here : President George W. Bush ’s top ethics lawyer suggests Comey may even have broken the law .	12	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The list of agents includes , according to the report , a major general in the Israel Defense Forces , since deceased , and three Knesset members .	21	life.die.n/a
Obviously aware of this , Clinton ’s Republican challenger , Donald Trump , has ramped up his rhetoric regarding Clinton ’s responsibility for the deadly assault on Benghazi and her failure to produce e - mails and to prove they were not sent on unsecure servers in violation of U.S. law .	25	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Governor Dmitry Kobylkin has declared a state of emergency and evacuated and quarantined the communities most at risk of infection , such as nomadic reindeer herders .	10	movement.transportperson.n/a
-- Scalia passed away at a luxury West Texas ranch close to the Mexican border called Cibolo Creek , which has hosted movie stars like Mick Jagger , Bruce Willis and Tommy Lee Jones .	2	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Trump says the loan was $ 1 million , which by most standards is not small .	3	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Just two months later Trump rented an apartment he owned in the Trump Plaza apartment building in Manhattan to the pilot and his brother for $ 7,000 a month in cash and flight services .	5	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Donnie Wahlberg endorsed Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE , his campaign announced Sunday .	58	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
There is no evidence that Trump has personal contact with FSB agents , that he has received payments from Russia , that he makes furtive calls to the Kremlin , or really anything else that we ’d associate with secret agent behavior .	17	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
He was granted political asylum by Ecuador , but he fears if he attempts to go to Ecuador , if he attempts to step foot outside the Ecuadorean Embassy , that he will be arrested by British police and ultimately extradited to the United States to face , well , it ’s believed , possibly treason charges for the documents WikiLeaks has released .	34	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Sometimes armed groups would call them to come and collect the files after a firefight ended .	14	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Clinton lied to FBI , smashed phones , deleted emails .	1	contact.prevarication.meet
As reported by Breitbart News , after the WikiLeaks email scandal , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign blamed the Russians .	9	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Instead , Clinton continues to repeatedly lie about it .	6	contact.prevarication.broadcast
At least 10 hostages managed to escape , according to a Paris police union spokesman .	6	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
As Army War College professor Andrew Hill and retired colonel Joseph Brecher argued in a recent essay , no one may particularly want a world with independent killer robots , but if there ’s a big tactical disadvantage to making your robots wait for slow - moving human brains to order them to fire , then the logic of the prisoner ’s dilemma forces both sides to go autonomous .	8	personnel.endposition.n/a
Refugees speak of starvation spreading throughout the city under the impact of this economic siege .	3	life.injure.n/a
The events are reminiscent of the Cold War , when a series of close calls led to a bilateral agreement aimed at avoiding dangerous interactions at sea that was signed in 1972 .	19	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The biggest revelation on DCLeaks involves U.S. Gen. Philip Breedlove , who retired in May and was formerly the top military commander of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization .	12	personnel.endposition.quitretire
UPDATE : The auction site on which the flag was featured has taken down all images of the item as well as any description of it .	3	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Presidential Spokesman Ibrahim Kalin told NTV television : " The military commanders have made it clear that the coup plotters violated the chain of command ...	18	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
— Eddie Hearn ( @EddieHearn ) August 17 , 2016 Guy who Mick battered has had to withdraw because of the beating he took , this just gets worse !	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Diplomats urged all parties to allow immediate humanitarian access to blockaded towns and warned rebels they “ might not be protected ” from future airstrikes if they violate an ongoing partial truce .	1	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Staff at a local RSPB centre became concerned when they failed to spot the bird , which would usually be constructing a nest and attempting to attract a female at this time of year .	20	manufacture.artifact.build
Americans could see a leader regulating the same banks that lend the Trump Organization millions of dollars , or one negotiating with foreign governments contributing millions to the Clinton Foundation .	10	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and , with it , firing all of their people .	16	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
When Keane got up after 45 minutes to leave for a meeting back at the Pentagon with a Polish general , she protested that she was n’t finished yet and asked for another appointment .	11	contact.collaborate.meet
There are other ways to attack our election system on the Internet besides hacking voting machines or changing vote tallies : deleting voter records , hijacking candidate or party websites , targeting and intimidating campaign workers or donors .	25	conflict.attack.n/a
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed , a Julia somewhere dies	9	life.die.n/a
“ Security in Cyprus confirmed that the explosive belt worn by the man who hijacked the plane was fake , ” it said .	14	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:28 Wake County school official excited to see comeback for Teaching Fellows program Pause 1:30 Governor ’s School for top students could face budget cuts 0:53 Factcheck : Richard Burr claims uncommon transparency in Trump , Russia investigation 2:52 GOP 's Hayes : Cooper does n't have authority to call for special election 1:49 NAACP activists threatened with arrest while delivering letter to House speaker ’s office 2:11 NAACP 's Barber wants General Assembly to stop making laws 1:15 Black lawmakers call for quick redistricting 0:58 North Carolina GOP lawmaker : NC House budget plan eliminates Pre - K wait list 1:09 McKissick : Republicans circumvented Cooper 's call for special session 3:17 Berger : Why Cooper 's call for special session voted down Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select	64	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
15/74 Iraq crisis Mourners carry the coffin of a Shi'ite volunteer from the brigades of peace , who joined the Iraqi army and was killed during clashes with militants of the Isis group in Samarra , during his funeral in Najaf	26	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In an attempt to tout its military prowess on Wednesday , Iran threatened to " turn Tel Aviv and Haifa to dust " during a parade of the Islamic Republic 's armed forces in Tehran .	12	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
For example , the treaty does not define what constitutes a nuclear weapons test .	4	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
These sub - munitions , or " bomblets , " often fail to explode upon impact and become de facto landmines , continuing to pose a threat even long after conflicts end , according to Human Rights Watch .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
Their provision was added — " in secret , with no debate , " McCain said — to a $ 1.1 trillion government - wide spending bill passed by Congress late last year and signed into law by President Barack Obama .	34	government.legislate.legislate
If you are a democrat who believes the most important issue is beating the republican candidate and regaining democratic majorities in the U.S. House and Senate , vote for Bernie Sanders .	27	government.vote.castvote
“ A band of hooligans raided our camp , stole from us , pulled and sliced all of our electrical lines leaving us with no refrigeration and wasting our food and glued our trailer doors shut , vandalized most of our camping infrastructure , dumped 200 gallons of potable water flooding our camp .	37	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
But when the torch gets lit , is it essential to see that live , or is it essential to see that in context ? … The entire west coast [ group of viewers ] that watch on broadcast … prime time begins at 8 o'clock , not 5 o'clock [ Pacific Time , which is 8 p.m. Eastern , when the online stream will start].	38	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Correa has said that he wanted to protect the WikiLeaks founder from the possibility he might have his due process rights violated and face the death penalty if he were ever charged for his leaks in the United States .	31	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
( Bill Clinton is such a consummate performer , he famously made himself cry at Ron Brown ’s funeral — only after he saw that he was on camera . )	18	contact.funeralvigil.meet
But then again , this is the same media organization that published stories that promoted the case for invading Iraq and claimed Iraq ’s oil could be seized by America to pay for the war .	18	conflict.attack.invade
The BLM - centric document was leaked online by Guccifer 2.0 , the self - proclaimed hacker claiming to be responsible for infiltrating the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
A prominent evangelical multimillionaire Brazilian pastor and congressman with a history of vile anti - gay rhetoric , Marco Feliciano , yesterday attacked the LGBT community for “ using ” the Orlando massacre for “ self - promotion ” and instead said that support for Palestinians was to blame .	32	life.die.n/a
Diplomats urged all parties to allow immediate humanitarian access to blockaded towns and warned rebels they “ might not be protected ” from future airstrikes if they violate an ongoing partial truce .	1	contact.commandorder.correspondence
But the real threat to our sovereignty is n’t imports or immigrants .	9	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
But he also railed against Putin for his tight control on the media and the military and for the fact that his political opponents are often jailed or disappear .	26	movement.transportperson.preventexit
It was just the beginning of a slew of executions .	9	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Since most citizens are more interested in their own personal , short - term advantage than they are in the long - term destiny of their nation , democracy turns into a polite fiction for plutocracy just as soon as the rich figure out how to buy votes , a lesson that rarely takes them long to learn .	46	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The email domains were run off of a basic Apple server in the Clintons ’ basement in Chappaqua that Cooper had purchased while Hillary was still running for president .	21	transaction.transferownership.purchase
A new congressional letter circulating among lawmakers charges the William , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is a “ lawless , ‘ Pay - to - Play ’ enterprise that has been operating under a cloak of philanthropy for years . ”	7	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
So we ’re proposing essentially a weapons embargo , a freeze on the bank accounts of countries who continue to fund terrorist enterprises and also we call on allies like Turkey to close their borders to the movement of jihadi groups .	7	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Leading administration officials including Undersecretary of State Wendy Sherman publicly expressed “ strong opposition ” ( PDF ) to the amendment , arguing that it would anger allies by opening them up for punishment if they did not significantly reduce their imports of Iranian oil .	41	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
-- Gunfire erupted outside a “ teen party ” at a nightclub in Fort Myers , Florida , early this morning , leaving two dead and at least 14 injured .	29	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" Instead of that , in New York we now have an attempt at political blackmail by putting to the vote , possibly tomorrow , a French resolution on the Syria crisis which is unacceptable for us . "	15	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
The Export - Import Bank is an outfit that mostly extends loans to powerful foreign companies in exchange for buying products from large and well - connected U.S. companies .	19	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Russia says one of those detained is Yevhen Panov .	5	movement.transportperson.preventexit
11/40 2014 - August James Foley is executed by the group as concerns grow for second American prisoner , fellow reporter Steven Sotloff .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
At least 10 were reportedly detained in St. Petersburg .	5	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
I was 11 years old when my family first immigrated to Belgium [ after Hitler annexed Austria in 1938].	9	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
All of these things do not add up to a reason for the people of Afghanistan to keep slaughtering each other in the marketplace .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It ’s too late for Hillary to be sucking up to the hiring committee , reminding them , but I took driver ’s ed seven times — yes , there were mistakes , but I was grilled for 11 hours about that vehicular homicide .	43	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Image copyright AP Image caption The Syrian government said " military efforts to combat terrorism " would continue	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Turkey ’s real agenda is to carve out an area of Iraq that it can use to target Kurds and confiscate land belonging to Iraq and Syria -- all in the name of " countering ISIS ” .	20	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
A man walks past a poster depicting Russian President Vladimir Putin and reading ' Which Panama ? '	2	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Turkey has vowed to " completely cleanse " IS from the border region , blaming it for a bomb attack on a wedding that killed 54 people in Gaziantep on Saturday .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
The email from Brazile had a subject line of “ From time to time I get the questions in advance ” and said “ Here ’s one that worries me about HRC , ” followed by the full text of a question about the death penalty .	44	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Europe welcomes exports produced by Jewish settlers on occupied Palestinian land , the EU ’s envoy to Israel has said , while insisting that the best way to stop boycotts would be to make peace between Israel and Palestine .	29	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Anyone who blames Mexicans , Blacks and Muslims for the misfortunes of your country is deceiving you .	15	contact.prevarication.n/a
Cameron , who had campaigned hard but ultimately unsuccessfully to keep Britain in the EU , emerged outside No 10 Downing Street just after 8 am on Friday to announce his departure , accompanied by his wife , Samantha .	29	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
As the ceasefire crumbled , the Assad government announced a fresh campaign to seize Aleppo from the opposition for good .	2	government.agreements.n/a
He did get a bounce out of that , but then fell disastrously after Clinton not only had a better convention but Trump picked a fight with the parents of a deceased war veteran .	31	life.die.n/a
Was urged to apologize by Gold Star families ( we ’re still waiting for a response )	1	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Iceland 's PM urged to resign after ' Panama papers ' leak	3	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Hackers calling themselves Shadow Brokers started an auction for the malware last week .	7	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Poroshenko 's team argues that Moscow lent its ally the money on preferential terms as a bribe for Yanukovych 's shock November 2013 decision to scuttle a free trade agreement with the European Union that Kiev has since signed .	6	transaction.transferownership.n/a
But should Rubio eclipse Cruz and capture the silver medal , that would be an ominous sign for the senator from Texas with the " SEC primary " looming on the horizon ; also , the calls for Bush to exit the race will be deafening .	6	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Conquest estimates Stalin probably killed not less than 13 to 15 million people — in pursuit of Marx ’s socialism .	4	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
2 on the Republican presidential ticket : retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , who once headed up the Defense Intelligence Agency and has informally advised Trump on foreign policy during the billionaire 's primary campaign .	25	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
“ The decision was made by the firefighters in the emergency management system that ( foreign help ) was n’t necessary because of the nature of this blaze , ” Goodale said following question period .	27	conflict.attack.setfire
To become an American in those days meant little more than learning English and subscribing to a broadly shared creed of self - reliance , self - government , self - improvement , and allegiance to a tolerant nation that most people agreed was unique in the freedom and opportunity it afforded — as well as in its readiness to confer citizenship on newcomers who almost universally desired it .	60	contact.discussion.meet
The former president Nicolas Sarkozy , who met Putin in June , has promised to lift economic sanctions against Moscow .	7	contact.collaborate.meet
Methane is released as a gas , building up pressure — until the ground explodes .	14	conflict.attack.n/a
In the case of Soros ’s Open Society , hackers stole a trove of documents after accessing the foundation ’s internal intranet , a system called Karl , according to a person familiar with its internal investigation .	36	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
The state - controlled media blames the crisis , principally , on low oil prices and , to a lesser extent , on western sanctions .	24	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Health workers said the 4 am attacks at the M2 killed two staff members and a civilian whose heart was pierced by shrapnel .	20	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Sanctions against Russia should be lifted as soon as possible , France ’s Minister of Foreign Affairs said on Wednesday following a meeting with his Russian counterpart , while insisting that implementation of the Minsk agreements still remain key to the process .	22	contact.discussion.n/a
As he did in his call to a 911 operator during the massacre , Mateen pledged his allegiance on Facebook to the leader of the Islamic State and , in his final post , warned : " in the next few days you will see attacks from the Islamic state in the usa . "	15	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Reality Check : Trump started off with a ' small loan '	10	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Owens represented New York 's North Country from 2009 until retiring from the House in 2015 .	10	personnel.endposition.n/a
In Turkish eyes , the move stems from a Putin vendetta that began last November after a Russian warplane entered Turkish airspace from Syria and was shot down .	26	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Later , in a tumultuous meeting of the UN Security Council on the siege of Aleppo , UN humanitarian chief Stephen O'Brien accused Russia and Syria of using starvation tactics and turning the city into a " kill zone . "	28	life.injure.n/a
Over the past seven years , the Obama - Clinton foreign policy strategy has been to give ground to Vladimir Putin from Ukraine to Syria , [ and ] to retreat from making tough choices in the defense of American interest in our national security .	30	conflict.yield.n/a
Teachout joked that she is a “ journalism groupie , ” but she very earnestly believes there is a similarity between good reporting and good legislating .	25	government.legislate.legislate
And I want to vote , and I ca n’t say to my community , ‘ OK , we need to be stronger , ’ or ‘ We need to be together ’ and ‘ We need to go in to vote , ’ if I ca n’t vote , ” she said .	4	government.vote.castvote
In the intervening 12 years , he started suspecting Merkel of deceiving him , spinning intrigues and weaving conspiracies against him .	11	contact.prevarication.meet
Hide Caption 2 of 14 Photos : Rio 2016 Olympics : Around the venues with 100 days to go Treading water – President Dilma Rousseff , facing impeachment proceedings , has still made appearances at Olympic venues .	28	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Four days of clashes between Azerbaijani and Armenian troops in early April in Nagorno - Karabakh claimed over 100 fatalities — the greatest loss of life in the conflict since a 1994 ceasefire ended a bloody ethnic war that erupted in the dying days of the Soviet Union .	32	government.agreements.violateagreement
But sources say it has one feature , common to many Trump properties … an extensive and closely - monitored surveillance system . ” Trump ’s adjacent golf club also has an extensive web of surveillance cameras that is “ far beyond ” what is routine for a golf club , former employees said .	35	government.spy.spy
“ I mean , she lied , ” Mr. Trump said , inciting cries of “ Lock her up ! ” from his supporters .	5	contact.prevarication.meet
There is no evidence for this account , and photographs from the Moscow University seem to support Russian reports that marines killed one pirate in a firefight , and took the other ten captive .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
His longtime confidant Roger Stone has talked about a “ bloodbath ” — rhetorical , he insists — if Trump loses , and Stone has suggested that Clinton should be “ executed . ” There have been a score of violent confrontations at Trump events , among supporters , opponents , journalists and staff .	31	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
( New York Times ) The British government announced it will separate radicalized prison inmates from other convicts , housing criminals who preach terrorism and other forms of extreme ideology in high - security “ specialist units . ” ( The Telegraph ) Federal prosecutors plan to argue in court that Dylann Roof “ self - radicalized ” by reading white supremacist tracts online before carrying out the massacre at a historically black church in Charleston .	68	life.die.n/a
A Palestinian assailant killed an American tourist and wounded at least 10 other victims in a stabbing spree that began in southern Tel Aviv 's Jaffa Port , in the third attack within a number of hours on Tuesday evening .	16	conflict.attack.stabbing
Trump ’s web of ties to Putin , who has a record of attempting to manipulate foreign elections , looks even more dangerous considering his green light to Russia to annex the Baltic NATO states .	17	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
AFP PHOTO ( Photo credit should read JOYCE NALTCHAYAN / AFP / Getty Images ) WASHINGTON , DC - AUGUST 3 : In testimony to a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee , US Ambassador to the UN Madeleine Albright warned that unilaterally lifting the arms embargo against Bosnia could invite other countries to violate sanctions placed on Iraq .	44	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The U.N. sanctions include mandatory inspections of cargo leaving and entering North Korea by land , sea or air ; a ban on all sales or transfers of small arms and light weapons to the North ; and the expulsion of North Korean diplomats who engage in " illicit activities . "	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
His death was investigated as a tragic drowning , but investigators were stunned by the woman 's lack of sadness or remorse .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Savchenko denies that she was involved in the shots that caused the journalists ’ deaths ; she says she was captured an hour earlier .	20	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
plot to assassinate Kim Jong - un , the country ’s leader , no one seriously considered a movie studio to be “ critical infrastructure . ”	2	life.die.n/a
Dean Baker , co - director of the Soros - funded Center for Economic and Policy Research and former senior economist at the Soros - financed Economic Policy Institute .	10	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The base , located some 100 kilometers from the Syrian border , is currently being used by the US - led coalition against the Islamic State to launch airstrikes against the jihadist group in neighboring Iraq and Syria .	28	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
“ What I think you ought to do is boycott Apple until such time they give that security number , ” Trump said at a rally in South Carolina on Friday .	9	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The Republican nominee also urged his supporters to ‘ watch ’ cities with big African American populations on election day to prevent a ‘ rigged ’ election	4	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Hide Caption 26 of 32 Photos : North Dakota pipeline protests Protesters march on September 4 in opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline .	10	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
We must abandon foolish skirmishes and petty jealousies .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
" Jake , if it were me I would have been out the door and probably in jail , " Flynn added .	17	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Currently there are 50 confirmed fatalities , including the gunman , and 53 injured .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
It ’s not only disturbing the things Snowden revealed in the last few years , but also the lengths that various levels of power have gone to to protect power and deceive the people .	31	contact.prevarication.broadcast
‘ It is possible she is being poisoned . ’	7	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
Just uttering the phrase War on Terror gives Washington license to invade and ransack any foreign state it chooses , as in Afghanistan and Iraq , where more than one million people were killed by US forces “ hunting down terrorists ” .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
The volume “ asserts that foreign entities who made payments to the Clinton Foundation and to Mr. Clinton through high speaking fees received favors from Mrs. Clinton ’s State Department in return , ” the Times reports .	9	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Months before I had written about her on Huffington Post , explaining that I despised her not for her gender -- as some of her supporters accused -- but for her hawkishness , her center - left policies , her husband 's crime bill that incarcerated so many people of color , her support for the Trans - Pacific Partnership , and her inability to get progressive on climate change policy .	45	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Costa Rica ’s foreign minister , Manuel González , said that tanks and weapons of war were ill - suited to the problems Central America faces : poverty , organized crime , human trafficking and drug trafficking .	36	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Enact paid sick leave and family leave , strong overtime protections .	0	government.legislate.legislate
' The only updates we 're getting is from my mum who 's worried sick , ' he told MailOnline from his hotel .	14	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
U.S. officials speculate that Russia also had a hand in fomenting protests there .	11	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
Donald Trump on Monday demanded that Hillary Clinton return $ 25 million the Clinton Foundation reportedly received from Saudi Arabia .	4	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Trump is apparently willing to disband NATO as well as our key Asian alliances , and to withdraw from the Middle East as well — a “ Trexit . ” At risk is a core principle of America ’s post - World War II strategy — that trying to stay out of others ’ business did not work and , in fact , helped lead to the world wars .	42	conflict.attack.n/a
Nevertheless , Trump said that the correct response to attacks like the one in Orlando is to ban Muslims from visiting or immigrating ( Trump regularly confuses these two ideas ) to the United States .	22	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Last week the Guardian reported on one couple in Alaska who narrowly escaped when their snowmobile plunged into soft ice that would normally have been frozen hard .	12	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Attorney general Mukasey 's argument is presented in a Wall Street Journal op ed titled Clinton 's Emails : A Criminal Charge Is Justified :	21	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
During the nine - minute video the Great Pyramid of Giza near Egypt 's capital , Cairo was coupled with a pledge to destroy " ancient sites built by the infidels " .	21	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In soviet Russia , you either worshiped the state through party participation , or you were executed .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Of the nearly 1,000 attacks , 76 were attempted arson .	9	conflict.attack.n/a
Mr. Untermeyer , among other things , stated : " ... holy war ... in which we are embarked .. it is a war which must be waged unremittingly ... the Jews are the aristocrats of the world ... the economic boycott against all German goods , shipping and services ... boycott is our only really effective weapon ... bring the German people to their senses by destroying their export trade on which their very existence depends ... we shall force them to learn ... it is not sufficient that you buy no goods in Germany ... you must refuse to deal with any merchant or shopkeeper who sells any German - made goods ... we will drive the last nail in the coffin ... " That statement was made on August 7 , 1933 , when not a hair on the head of a Talmudist in Germany had been touched .	41	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
He implied that Kaine was intentionally misleading the American people by simply describing his running mate ’s positions and that , by doing so , Hillary Clinton and Kaine were the ones running an “ insult - driven ” campaign .	6	contact.prevarication.n/a
And the enemy has most of the new ones we sent over that they captured .	14	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The Baghdad government continued to pay the salaries of public servants in Mosul even after Isis took over , but Ibrahim said that money stopped coming through nine months ago .	16	government.formation.mergegpe
A little over a week ago , Syria 's embattled Assad regime used chemical arms against ISIS east of Damascus , despite the 2013 agreement to dismantle the regime ’s chemical weapons .	24	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Once a man who boasted of being “ very pro - choice , ” during the primaries , Trump insisted ( only to walk it back a few hours later ) that women who have abortions should be punished , an extreme position that even hard - core pro - lifers are reluctant to endorse ( paradoxically , Trump supports continued government funding of Planned Parenthood , a heresy social conservatives were unwilling to tolerate in every other presidential candidate ) .	62	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Al ’s claim that global warming is increasing the number of tornadoes is also misleading because new radar and satellite technology allows us to see more of them .	14	contact.prevarication.broadcast
The night ’s entertainment was Michael Israel , who bills himself as “ the original speed painter . ” His frenetic act involved painting giant portraits in five to seven minutes — then auctioning off the art he ’d just created .	33	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Founder Julian Assange , currently trying to avoid extradition for a rape case in Sweden , is currently a refugee at the Ecuadorian embassy in London .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
His bubble in New Hampshire was punctured when opponents began attacking him for offering support of Sonia Sotomayor while he was running for governor of New Jersey in 2008 .	6	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Otto Frank , Anne Frank 's father , tried to get visas to the U.S. in 1940 to save his family from the Holocaust but got denied , Schloss wrote .	23	life.die.n/a
It was started to discuss anime , and insofar as it 's been political it 's been in a not strictly left - right way , and usually through the avenue of Anonymous , the activist group that split off from 4chan to do direct action .	4	contact.discussion.meet
Or indications of disloyalty to the United States or efforts to obstruct justice we do not see those things here .	11	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The Castros in Cuba — the Obama administration ’s newest friends — routinely throw their opponents in prison , despite Raúl Castro ’s misleading comments at his news conference with Obama on Monday .	23	contact.prevarication.correspondence
The goal is clear : intimidate us into backing down ; intimidate journalists from talking to us ; smear the administration and major media as liars and paid tools .	11	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
December 20 , 2014 - A man - A man stabs three police officers in the French city of Tours .	10	conflict.attack.stabbing
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the C.I.A. ’s help .	6	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Talks in Geneva in early February collapsed before they started , with rebels saying they could not negotiate while they were being bombed .	17	contact.negotiate.n/a
Substantively , Rubio 's position — keep up the US embargo on commerce with and travel to Cuba until they democratize — is a proven failure .	10	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Russian news agencies reported that a number of members of the church were brought in for questioning .	13	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
There is a reason the intelligence community actively looks for infidelity , debts , personal vices when trying to flip or blackmail foreign officials and protecting our own .	21	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Like with immigration , it unlikely that Trump could actually implement his main policy pledge .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
To borrow from Paxton again : “ Fascism was an affair of the gut more than of the brain . ” For Trump and his supporters , the struggle against “ political correctness ” in all its forms is more important than the fine print of the Constitution .	1	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice , who also claimed that Gaddafi ’s snipers were intentionally shooting children .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Turkey pledged to contribute ground troops to an anti - ISIS coalition in Syria and to allow Saudi Arabia to launch airstrikes from its bases .	1	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
But Aydin Doğan was indicted in a fuel - smuggling scheme back in March .	9	movement.transportartifact.hide
The country has endured far harsher times than the present without succumbing to rank demagoguery ; it avoided the fascism that destroyed Europe ; it has channeled extraordinary outpourings of democratic energy into constitutional order .	21	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
[ … ] Republican delegates at last week ’s national security committee platform meeting in Cleveland were surprised when the Trump campaign orchestrated a set of events to make sure that the GOP would not pledge to give Ukraine the weapons it has been asking for from the United States .	35	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
From the beginning , the CIA and the Arab intelligence agencies relied on Jordanian security services to transport the weapons , many bought in bulk in the Balkans and elsewhere around Eastern Europe .	22	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
They were smuggled out of the country with the help of the Happy Reunification Road Organisation , which works to help North Koreans and for the reunification of the country .	2	movement.transportperson.hide
Country - by - country reporting has been recommended by a host of non - governmental organisations and charities to prevent companies from artificially shifting their income out of the poorest countries .	8	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Therefore , she has crafted a law that will allow for Norwegian authorities to reject asylum seekers who do not come directly from a conflict area . This means that asylum seekers who want to come to Norway from Russia , but also from the other Nordic countries , will be denied the right to seek asylum , which otherwise is anchored in the UN Refugee Convention .	56	movement.transportperson.n/a
“ We assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton ’s personal email account , ” Comey said , as he announced the FBI did not intend to recommend charges against Clinton .	32	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
He said Assad and Russia have spent " yet another week annihilating defenseless Syrians " and called on the international community to implement a new approach that holds them to account .	11	conflict.attack.n/a
“ Hitler and Stalin , like every dictator who perpetrated genocide during the 20th century , assiduously confiscated guns before starting the genocide , ” wrote gun - rights activist Dave Kopel in a recent NRA publication .	17	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Authorities arrested thousands as Erdogan vowed that those responsible ' will pay a heavy price for their treason . '	1	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
A live hand grenade was hurled towards a refugee camp in Germany as anti - migrant violence continues to increase .	5	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
“ The countries represented in this room achieved what decades of animosity and rhetoric did not — a long - term deal that closes off every possible path to building a nuclear weapon , and subjects Iran to the most comprehensive nuclear inspections ever negotiated , ” Obama said .	44	contact.negotiate.n/a
After paying $ 41 million for the place in November 2004 , Trump called it “ the finest piece of land in Florida , and probably the U.S. ” He vowed to upgrade the structure into “ the second - greatest house in America . ” ( Second , of course , to his nearby Mar - a - Lago resort . )	30	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The Trudeau government has yet to respond to an offer by Russia to dispatch massive water bombers and fire fighting specialists to battle the growing inferno around Fort McMurray , Alta .	25	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
He added that an application to the European Court of Human Rights was simply demanded .	14	contact.commandorder.meet
They 're not even really ideas , just a series of bizarre rants , personal feuds , and outright lies , " Clinton declared .	19	contact.prevarication.meet
Kristalina Georgieva is reportedly quitting the Commission for a job at the World Bank .	4	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Under the leadership of Mr. Samuel Untermeyer , Talmudists of the world declared a world boycott on all German goods and services .	15	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Last Thursday , ISIS executed two young men in the city of Manbij in Syria ’s northern province of Aleppo on charges of spying to the US - led coalition , local sources reported .	4	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
It ’s because they realize that in the battle against terrorism , the United States can not win unless it can get the support of most of the world ’s 1.5 billion Muslims .	8	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
And the national TV station was injuncted five minutes before it went on air , like out of a movie : injunction landed on the news desk , and the news reader was like , " This has never happened before .	21	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
No one pointed out that Britain might just as easily ban President Barack Obama on the grounds that his administration has deported record numbers of illegal immigrants , or that UK citizens have been denied entry to the United States apparently on the basis that they are Muslim .	34	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Many high - ranking figures in companies tied to Skolkovo have also donated to the Clinton Foundation .	12	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Moore said , “ What I recommended to him is this should be your stimulus to the economy — do this in the first hundred days . ” Economists ’ reactions have been mixed .	6	contact.requestadvise.meet
Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty , the section compelling member nations to provide aid , was invoked for the first time in the history of the organization in the wake of 9/11 .	14	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
fears of assaults .	2	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" It looks like big banks and corporations agreed to donate to the Democrats a certain percentage of the allocated TARP funds , " Guccifer 2.0 wrote .	10	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
He told colleagues he considered it more honorable to stay and manage the downsizing , preserving the paper ’s reporting firepower to whatever extent possible , than to quit on principle .	28	personnel.endposition.quitretire
The regime , an informal export control accord , prohibits signees from exporting missile components , including launchers , for nuclear systems .	12	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
On May 11 , Romania went “ live ” with a Nato “ missile defence ” base that aims its first - strike American missiles at the heart of Russia , the world ’s second nuclear power .	22	conflict.attack.n/a
She recommended a stockpile of 18 of the RD-180s until an equally capable American - made space launch vehicle can be tested and fielded .	1	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The last time Scott Kelly came home from the ISS , it was two months after Giffords had been the victim of a near - fatal assassination attempt .	25	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" The attitude among crew before this crash was that it 's a case of when , not if , there would be an accident , " one of the pilots said .	24	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
The warplanes bombarded Daesh targets south of Tell al Hawa in northern Syria between 7:38 – 7:44 p.m. local time , the written statement said .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
After being officially accused , President Vladimir Putin rejected the suggestion of Kremlin involvement .	3	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
The U.S. ’s most popular third - party presidential candidate says he would “ consider ” pardoning the highest profile convicts of computer - related crimes in the country , including Chelsea Manning , Ross Ulbricht , and Jeremy Hammond .	20	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
An employee of a Belgian state - funded charity who was denied entry into Israel said that its supporters were “ inflating ” Belgium ’s anti - Semitism problem to distract from the Palestinian issue .	11	movement.transportperson.prevententry
A transcript of the interview was made available in advance of broadcast on Russia ’s foreign ministry website Lavrov accused Washington of “ Russophobia . ”	11	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Officials said 43 Russian supporters had been arrested and would be charged , released or expelled from the country .	7	movement.transportperson.preventexit
This is $ 1.3 trillion and the broad brushstroke there is that we managed to come up with a whole lot of money for Wall Street , which Congress learned , when the audit was actually done and the reporting by the Fed , that “ Oh my God , you managed to come up with $ 17 trillion or $ 16 trillion of near - zero interest or free money in order to bail out Wall Street . ” Wall Street has the unique ability to turn around and quickly lend that low interest money for seven percent and recoup it , so Wall Street was able to pay much of that back , we know , but the point remains that if we can bail out the crooks who crashed the economy through waste , fraud and abuse and predatory lending and unethical bundling of extremely insecure financial packages – if we can find a way to bail them out to the tune of a whole lot of trillions , we can find a way to bail out a whole generation that has basically been thrown under the bus and does not have a future , that arguably does n’t have a way out .	142	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
" We have had two child fatalities and another five children were seriously wounded by the use of napalm , " Osama Abou Zeid , the head of the Homs Media Centre , told Al Jazeera .	6	life.die.n/a
FBI director James Comey would not comment Thursday when asked directly by Congress , under oath , whether his department is still investigating Hillary Clinton in connection with possible corruption related to the Clinton Foundation .	15	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Kiev , the thinking went , would be forced to capitulate , and Moscow could claim not to be involved .	10	conflict.yield.n/a
An investigator inspects a damaged car at the site where journalist Pavel Sheremet was killed by a car bomb in central Kiev , Ukraine , July 20 , 2016 .	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
When informed that Putin invaded Crimea -- an autonomous part of Ukraine -- two years ago to annex it to Russia , Trump responded , " Well , he 's there in a certain way .	17	government.formation.mergegpe
On or about March 31 , Lazar was extradited 3,700 miles to Alexandria from a prison in Arad , Romania , where he has been serving a seven - year sentence for hacking crimes committed in his native country .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
He 's said that he knows more about ISIS than the generals and more recently hinted that he would fire a number of the senior generals if he were elected president , ” said retired Army Col . Peter Mansoor , a 26-year veteran who served as Petraeus ’s executive officer in Iraq during the surge .	29	personnel.elect.winelection
She said she knew for a fact that there were many girls being sent to the north of England to be mutilated , that the police were turning a blind eye . ”	21	life.injure.n/a
Unions demanded bigger wage increases , while a temporary tax cut on new car purchases was canceled in late July .	1	contact.commandorder.meet
On the other hand , if Trump is talking about indirect spending on NATO , which exceeds direct funding , he begins to have a point .	18	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
For $ 12,000 a month , a customer hired a crew that could hack smartphones , spoof and clone Web pages , and send mass e - mails and texts .	8	personnel.startposition.n/a
The pilot is protected from ground fire by titanium armor , and the plane 's fuel cells are self - sealing in case of puncture .	24	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Trump has also feuded with the Bush family and GOP stars Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE and Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE , both of whom he defeated in the primary .	119	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Four days of clashes between Azerbaijani and Armenian troops in early April in Nagorno - Karabakh claimed over 100 fatalities — the greatest loss of life in the conflict since a 1994 ceasefire ended a bloody ethnic war that erupted in the dying days of the Soviet Union .	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
There are 3,800 inmates at the jail , which was built six decades ago to house 800 , and they engage in a relentless contest for space ( AFP / Getty )	6	movement.transportperson.preventexit
China 's Defense Ministry said in a fax that it was looking into reports on the incident .	7	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Mustafa Barghouti , head of the Palestinian National Initiative , said Israel 's decision proved that " an alternative national strategy that focused on popular resistance and the boycott movement " was essential , in addition to reconciling feuding parties Hamas and Fatah .	28	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
He routinely trades in wild falsehoods and doubles down when his lies are exposed .	11	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Russia , however , has claimed that the United States and their coalition of rebel groups have not lived up to their end of the Syrian ceasefire .	26	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
They point to the 2000 presidential election , when Democrat Al Gore Al GorePence calls hiring of counsel ' routine ' CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats OPINION : Do n't repeat the mistakes of Clinton and 1998 with Trump MORE lost to Republican George W. Bush in a very close race , which was at least partially because Gore lost many liberal votes to Ralph Nader .	30	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
He said that countries who provide aid to Palestine , including the United States , are " complicit " in inciting terrorism because the Palestinian Authority uses foreign donations to subsidize terrorists and their families .	5	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Further and even tougher sanctions are still possible , like blocking the export of fuel oil to North Korea .	4	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
So , the possibility remains that this Dutch - led investigation in coordination with the Ukrainian government will indict some Russian soldiers even as the U.S. government withholds its data that could resolve such key questions as where the fateful missile was fired .	18	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Adolf Hitler ’s personal copy of Mein Kampf , found by US officers in his Munich flat in May 1945 , will be auctioned off in Maryland along with other Nazi - era artifacts .	23	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
For that matter , there ’s not a G20 meeting where the Russians set the agenda around any of the issues that are important . ” Russia ’s invasion of Crimea in early 2014 , and its decision to use force to buttress the rule of its client Bashar al - Assad , have been cited by Obama ’s critics as proof that the post - red - line world no longer fears America .	9	contact.discussion.n/a
Hide Caption 7 of 37 Photos : Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro dies During a visit to New York in 1959 , Fidel Castro spends time with a group of children .	12	life.die.n/a
Instead , the Obama administration allowed Russia to negotiate the handover of “ all ” Syria ’s chemical weapons for destruction .	8	contact.discussion.correspondence
The human rights organization adds that as a result of these land grabs , millions of people have illegally and violently been evicted from their land in countries whose national courts can not provide a legal remedy to these wrongs .	11	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
As secretary of state , Clinton supported fracking as a way to reduce U.S. dependence on imported energy , and even led a push to spread shale extraction to allies in Europe to wean them off Russian gas .	16	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has said the US has " got ta shoot down " Russian planes if diplomacy does n't work .	13	conflict.attack.firearmattack
The bill , passed Monday , would broaden the definition of “ violations of religious freedom ” in the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to include the persecution of advocates of male circumcision or ritual animal slaughter .	37	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The U.N. agency that provides aid to Palestinians reported that there were 297,500 Palestinians in Area C in 2014 .	4	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Short list : demagoguery , torture , bigotry , misogyny , isolationism , violence .	5	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The air blitz in Syria has badly strained Russia 's relations with Turkey , which shot down a Russian warplane at the border with Syria in November .	15	conflict.attack.firearmattack
But few nations have been more publicly brazen in this practice than Saudi Arabia , and earlier this summer , U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon managed to get in a dig at the Kingdom over its blackmail - style tactics .	39	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
The charges were dropped when after his estranged wife did n't show up at trial , according to court records .	14	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Russia requested his extradition on terrorism - related charges but the European Court for Human Rights ordered Ukraine not to hand him over to Russia with Amnesty International also urging Ukrainian authorities to halt extradition as Chataev “ could face an unfair trial and would be at risk of torture and other ill - treatment . ”	3	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
And on through the list of debate moments that were discussed at the time and remembered afterward .	10	contact.discussion.meet
… Two days later , half of that ad buy still has n't been purchased , ” NBC ’s Mark Murray reports .	14	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The Tariff of 1789 was one of the first major pieces of legislation to be signed into law and it placed a tariff on most imported goods in part to secure income for the new nation and in part to protect the fledgling manufacturing industry .	15	government.legislate.legislate
And I have , I have sat in the Situation Room and advised the President on some of the toughest choices he faced .	12	contact.requestadvise.meet
In yet another instance cited by the aide , Clinton asserted in a September 2015 speech at the Brookings Institution that “ nobody can deny that much of the extremism in the world today is a direct result of policies and funding undertaken by the Saudi government and individuals .	41	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
( The payments were made over several years , but the value in present - day dollars on the final sum he received is $ 10.4 million . )	2	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
These new computer science grants ( “ CS - i3 grants ” ) will help scale instruction and lesson programs that are demonstrated to improve student achievement or increase college enrollment and completion in CS Ed fields — helping us prepare the diverse tech workforce of tomorrow .	10	transaction.transferownership.n/a
In the first quarter of 2016 , the U.S. produced 83.7 percent more crude oil than it did in the three months before Obama began his presidency .	9	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
The Navy is in the early stages of buying new submarines , which will replace the Ohio - class subs .	8	transaction.transferownership.purchase
And it is clear that she did that but it ’s the beginning stages of the investigation . ” ( RELATED : ‘ EXTREMELY CARELESS ’ — FBI Director Comey Says Clinton Mishandled Classified Info [ VIDEO ] )	16	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Moscow ( AFP ) - The strongman leader of Russia 's Chechnya region , Ramzan Kadyrov , on Tuesday threatened to eradicate " enemy " opposition in Russia , raising more concerns about the fate of Kremlin critics and independent media in the country .	21	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
While early reports of the hacking were contested by media , Sonoran News and other sources have reported that Guccifer has been extradited to the United States and entered a plea agreement with U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris .	22	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Fighting on the ground in the city resumed on Sunday , after a three - day unilateral ceasefire was derailed by insurgents , who prevented civilians from fleeing the battered city .	29	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Meantime , durable goods factory orders plunged 4 percent in June .	6	movement.transportartifact.fall
One of those towns is Madaya , where there have been reports of people starving to death .	14	life.injure.n/a
The barrage of strikes on rebel - held districts of Aleppo risks reigniting battlefronts in the city and could be the most serious threat to the ceasefire so far .	26	government.agreements.violateagreement
But how does the notion that terrorists are intent on getting powers to withdraw from their territory square with the view that the group ’s shift to terrorist attacks in the West is designed to draw France and its allies into a ground war in Syria ?	13	conflict.yield.retreat
The United States last month rejected Russian allegations that the Turkish government and President Erdogan 's family were in league with Islamic State to smuggle oil .	24	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
In the interview , Clinton used the email issue to cast Trump as overly cozy with Putin -- part of an effort to undercut Trump 's qualifications on foreign policy and to suggest he 's not steady enough for the presidency .	32	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Hawks are terrified that a potential Trump administration would unilaterally lift sanctions put in place by Barack Obama after Putin seized Crimea .	20	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
On Monday , a hacking group calling itself the “ ShadowBrokers ” announced an auction for what it claimed were “ cyber weapons ” made by the NSA .	14	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
How many more people will be killed or injured waiting for a recall remedy of this fatal manufacturing flaw ? "	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The wreck was first discovered by geologists in April 2008 and experts are only now realising its hidden treasures .	1	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
“ Nearly half of the money , $ 8.4 million , went to one company : Giles - Parscale , a web - design firm whose president , Brad Parscale , serves as the Trump campaign ’s digital director . ” Other large sums spent went to travel and merchandise : “ The campaign doled out $ 773,000 to reimburse various Trump - owned companies for expenses .	59	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Russia has been hit hard by a financial crisis since the end of 2014 , when low oil prices and an exchange of sanctions with the EU and U.S. heaped pressure on its faltering currency , the ruble .	23	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Photos : The ISIS terror threat Syrians gather at the site of a double car bomb attack in the Al - Zahraa neighborhood of the Homs , Syria , on February 21 , 2016 .	15	conflict.attack.bombing
The attacks on Aleppo have worsened since the breakdown of a ceasefire brokered by Russia and the US that had barely lasted a week before Russian jets and Syrian helicopters attacked and destroyed an aid convoy that had been permitted to cross into an opposition - held part of the country .	11	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
We live in Tel Aviv , in Israel , the only sane country in the region where people can live as gays or transgender and no one is going to throw them off the rooftop or slaughter them .	36	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
One element of the program is a highway through some of the world ’s tallest mountains to the new Chinese - developed port of Gwadar in Pakistan , which will protect oil shipments from potential U.S. interference .	32	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
Mr. Kerry ’s efforts in Syria all but collapsed this week in waves of Russian and Syrian government airstrikes .	18	conflict.attack.n/a
This is my fourth open letter urging you to withdraw your endorsement of Trump , and at no point have I suggested that my efforts are in support of Hillary Clinton ; instead , these missives were written to preserve the two - party system and to save the GOP and its rational supporters from the toxin of Trumpism .	9	conflict.yield.n/a
( AP ) The gunman accused of fatally shooting two Palm Springs police officers , and injuring a third , opened fire after the cops responded to a “ simple family disturbance . ” If found guilty , 26-year - old John Felix , would be eligible for the death penalty .	16	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
18/42 Christina Grimmie Christina Grimmie , 22 , who was an American singer and songwriter , known for her participation in the NBC singing competition The Voice , was signing autographs at a concert venue in Orlando on 10 June when an assailant shot her .	43	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The US acquired the Philippines from Spain as a result of the 1898 Treaty of Paris , which brought an end to the Spanish - American War .	2	transaction.transferownership.n/a
It is false to say that Hillary Clinton laughed about the rape of a 12-year - old .	11	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Hamada returned to Deir Ezzor , which he described as “ a ghost city . ” Two years of intense combat and air strikes had destroyed many of the buildings .	20	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But , whereas the rise of Paul Manafort and firing of Corey Lewandowski in June was largely interpreted as a sign Trump was preparing to moderate and take on the trappings of a fully operational national general election campaign , the overhaul Wednesday signaled a turn toward conspiratorial posturing .	9	personnel.endposition.n/a
Yet , already Iran is questioning whether its acceptance of extraordinary constraints on its nuclear program was worth it , given the U.S. unwillingness to grant meaningful relief on economic sanctions .	25	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
We ’re reimbursed a fraction of what this is all costing .	2	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In his confession , the brother took pride in the murder and said : “ Girls are born to stay home and follow traditions . ”	10	life.die.n/a
That would make it far easier to install friendly dictators in small nearby countries , like Estonia , or even annex them entirely .	20	government.formation.n/a
He has done irreparable damage , especially to young minds , with his vicious verbal assaults against Mexicans , Muslims and African - Americans , just to name a few groups he has targeted .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
In 2014 , Robert Jackson , the State Department ’s Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for African Affairs , testified before Congress that , “ The government of Nigeria feared that designating these individuals and the organizations would bring them more attention , more publicity and be counterproductive . ”	18	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
RELATED STORIES ' CUBS OF THE CALIPHATE ' ISIS release shocking footage of child soldiers executing Taliban captives accused of spying BAGHDAD BOMBINGS At least 125 dead and 150 injured after ISIS car blast at shopping centre cages of death Chilling images reveal the hellhole prisons where ISIS captives were BURNED ALIVE as the jihadis fled Fallujah GOTCHA SAS soldiers shoot and kill three British ISIS extremists during 30 minute gun battle in Libya HOSTAGE DRAMA ISIS release gloating pictures of Bangladesh terror siege victims as its revealed all 20 killed were foreigners FREED TO KILL ISIS mastermind of Istanbul massacre ' dodged extradition to Russia because it breached HUMAN RIGHTS '	100	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Long - time Republican strategist John Feehery , who is also a columnist for The Hill , said he thought Conway was “ a good hire ” who could “ bring some much - needed discipline ” to Trump ’s quest .	25	personnel.startposition.hiring
Then , perpetrators hailing from the cult Aum Shinrikyo launched five coordinated Sarin gas attacks on the Toyko subway , killing 12 , severely injuring 50 and leaving some 1,000 people with temporary vision impairment .	24	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
At the same time , however , given that we do n't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of e - mails , I do n't want to create a misleading impression . "	32	contact.prevarication.n/a
SECONDDATE helps the NSA pull off a “ man in the middle ” attack against users on a wireless network , tricking them into thinking they ’re talking to a safe website when in reality they ’ve been sent a malicious payload from an NSA server .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
He said , back in 2006 , " Gee , I hope it does collapse , because then I can go in and buy some and make some money . "	23	transaction.transferownership.n/a
India alone holds more than half of them , with 2,226 tigers roaming reserves across the country , from the southern tip of Kerala state to the eastern swamps in West Bengal , according to its last count in 2014 .	12	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
The statement said : " I would recommend our colleagues in Washington to carefully weigh possible consequences of the fulfilment of such plans . "	7	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
She is cavalier and reckless and in my opinion should be detained and questioned so we can unravel why she did what she did . ” According to Pentagon sources , the information Clinton disseminated publicly is Top Secret intelligence governed under the U.S. Special Access Program ( SAP ) which dictates safeguards and protocols for accessing and discussing highly classified and Top Secret intelligence .	11	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
In a 2010 agreement Russia said it would help construct and operate Turkey ’s first nuclear power plant , which is expected to produce around 35 billion kilowatt - hours per year and cost around $ 25 billion .	9	manufacture.artifact.n/a
US demands Russia stop bombing Syria 's opposition after peace talks suspended in Geneva	1	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Hence , Republicans have a decision to make .	7	manufacture.artifact.n/a
" We are expecting a clear and unambiguous stand from the United States -- who we believe to be our allies -- against this slaughter of humanity , " said the premier .	24	conflict.attack.n/a
Hamas , it said , was guilty of a slew of humans rights abuses in the Gaza Strip , including “ security forces killing , torturing , arbitrarily detaining , and harassing opponents , including Fatah members , and other Palestinians with impunity .	25	life.injure.n/a
A Turkmen official said several thousand more migrants were expected as a camp mostly sheltering Turkmens in the Syrian village of Yamadi was being evacuated after the pro - government forces backed by Russian air strikes advanced .	24	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
After the London Agreement was concluded , Great Britain left no stone unturned to impress Talmudists in London with the necessity of immediately notifymg Talmudists throughout the world about Great Britain 's pledge to turn over Palestine to them for their future sovereign Zionist state .	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
In her speech to the American Legion she cited Ronald Reagan 's belief in America as a " shining city on a hill , " even though he urged the U.S. to lead by example , not by becoming an international dominatrix .	28	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
If Deutsche ’s financial health was in danger , that could also potentially threaten Trump ’s corporate interests , because the bank could freeze future lending to his companies .	25	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Ayrault met , earlier , Russian officials to discuss efforts to reach a ceasefire especially after Washington - Moscow truce collapsed , tension increased and accusations were being exchanged .	8	contact.discussion.meet
Settlement expansion seen as obstacle to peace by EU , but the boycott , divestment , and sanctions ( BDS ) movement unwelcome ( Photo : ISM - NC )	12	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
But a federal judge denied on Friday their request for an injunction and the scheduled handoff took place at midnight .	11	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
That does it for our broadcast .	5	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
One , a partially disabled Saudi woman who 'd secretly gone into debt to support a sick relative , said she was devastated .	16	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
More than 19,000 emails from DNC officials were published on WikiLeaks just prior to the Democratic National Convention , casting a shadow over the proceedings .	3	contact.collaborate.n/a
What is now known of Mueller 's 18 months of hell in ISIS hands has been drawn from the eyewitness accounts of a handful of fellow Western hostages like Saide and Chavez , who spent those six weeks with her in the spring of 2014 inside the oil refinery , as well as from the Yazidi teen who was imprisoned with Mueller in late 2014 .	59	movement.transportperson.n/a
Hong Kong rights activists fear Tuesday 's violence marks a last - ditch push to silence Wukan , a southern fishing village in Guangdong province , which received international attention when a 2011 uprising over land grabs forced authorities to back down and grant local direct elections .	35	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
High - profile stories of abuse — movie stars beating their wives into a coma , female journalists posting pictures of bruised faces after fighting with their significant others — have done little to change the situation .	21	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The women describe gruesome public executions with extremists shooting their victims , decapitating them and putting their heads on sticks and leaving their bodies in the road to be run over .	12	life.die.n/a
" I know many of you thought that I would be retiring today , but if I was ever going to announce my retirement it would not be in a downtown Los Angeles hotel with this fairly ugly carpet , " she said .	11	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Franklin & Marshall College conducted its poll of 496 likely voters in Pennsylvania via online and telephone interviews from Sept. 28 to Oct. 2 .	17	contact.discussion.correspondence
That is the kind of act normally associated with autocrats like Ukraine ’s Viktor Yanukovych ( who jailed former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko in 2011 ) , Myanmar ’s military junta ( which put opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi under house arrest even before her party won the 1990 election ) , Egypt ’s Abdel Fattah al - Sisi ( who overthrew and imprisoned President Mohamed Morsi in 2013 ) , and Russia ’s Vladimir Putin ( who in 2003 arrested Mikhail Khodorkovsky , a wealthy political adversary ) .	42	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The helicopter then plummets to the floor trailing debris , in an attack that would claim the lives of both pilots .	3	movement.transportperson.fall
Nicholson 's predecessor , Gen. John Campbell , suggested as he was leaving the post that the United States may have to leave a larger presence to train and assist Afghan forces , as well as dial up pressure on the Taliban with airstrikes .	8	contact.requestadvise.meet
The cessation of hostilities agreement , the first of its kind since the Syrian civil war began in 2011 , is a less formal arrangement than a ceasefire .	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The night ’s entertainment was Michael Israel , who bills himself as “ the original speed painter . ” His frenetic act involved painting giant portraits in five to seven minutes — then auctioning off the art he ’d just created .	33	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
That ’s a big deal , as South Korea has in the past contemplated acquiring nuclear weapons to protect itself from North Korea ( Trump once suggested that would n’t be such a terrible idea ) .	14	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
But Tom Fitton , the president of Judicial Watch , a conservative group that has sued to obtain records from Mrs. Clinton ’s time at the State Department , said that “ the damage is done . ”	33	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Link Rio Mayor Eduardo Paes inspects construction work at the Olympic Park 's Tennis Centre in December .	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Is it a coincidence that Trump ’s business has increasingly relied on loans from Russian sources , and , in 2008 , Donald Trump Jr. told a real estate conference that “ Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross section of a lot of our assets ” ?	12	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
This assertion is based in part on Baraka appearing on a radio show with and allowing an article of his to be published by a person who turned out to be a Holocaust denier .	32	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Her presidency , if elected , assures endless wars of aggression , possible confrontation with Russia and China , letting Wall Street , other corporate bandits and war - profiteers continue looting the nation ’s wealth , as well as likely advancing tyranny to full - blown , stripping the mask entirely off constitutional governance .	4	personnel.elect.n/a
In another incident on 11 August , an air strike targeting a mortar factory in Atmeh , Aleppo governorate , destroyed two adjacent civilian homes and killed eight civilians including six children .	20	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
" We 're not reimbursed fairly for what we do . "	4	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
A court document obtained by ICIJ indicates that Bank Melli ’s rent on more than 8,000 square feet on the GM Building ’s 44th floor may have topped half a million dollars a year .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
According to Palestinian reports , the attacker was identified as a 22-year - old from the Palestinian village of Kalandiya in the West Bank . According to Magen David Adom , among the wounded , four were in serious condition , another four were in moderate condition and two others suffered light wounds .	33	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
But close inspections of his business legacy unveil a tarnished record filled with blemishes that go far beyond anything Clinton has suffered in her career .	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
The paper , written by researchers at NOAA and co - funded by the World Bank , attracted little notice when it was released on Christmas .	11	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
" This year would be the last , " Duterte said of military exercises involving the Americans in a speech Friday in southern Davao city where he lashed out at the U.S. anew and repeated his readiness to be ousted from office for his hard - line stance .	39	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
He said there were no fatalities and that all legislators were safe at a parliamentary shelter .	5	life.die.n/a
That meeting is also part of the 2005 report from the commission that investigated the intelligence failures leading up to the war .	13	justice.investigate.n/a
Roughly 20 activists are said to have congregated outside , holding banners reading “ we do n’t need alternative history ” and shouting insults .	7	contact.collaborate.n/a
He vowed to work closely with Germany in investigating the attack . One person was detained late on Tuesday as part of the investigation , Ala said , but gave no details .	15	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
According to the latest figures available from the Congressional Research Service , the United States was credited with more than half the value of all global arms transfer agreements in 2014 , the most recent year for which full statistics are available .	28	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
But the Iraqi government replaced judges who seemed sympathetic to the defense , and , days after Saddam ’s lawyers appeared in news broadcasts , two of them were assassinated .	29	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Syrian civilians are are fleeing a Russian - backed government offensive near Aleppo	10	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Actually he ’s even worse than that ; in fact , Trump ’s the new Hitler – a man who , you may recall , ordered the slaughter of six million Jews .	27	life.die.n/a
I am a combat veteran of the U.S. Army ; I served for 18½ years , received an honourable medical discharge , and was declared 100 per cent Service Connected Disabled .	20	personnel.endposition.n/a
Assange spoke from the Ecuadorian embassy in London , where he faces extradition over sexual assault allegations .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
In Iowa and New Hampshire , Sanders took 80 percent and 82 percent respectively of votes among women under the age of 30 ; in Nevada , he took 73 percent of the votes among women under the age of 45 .	15	government.legislate.legislate
Trump ’s advisers cast Wednesday ’s speech as the first in a series of policy addresses aimed at calming the nerves of Americans who worry the businessman does n’t have the experience to handle the range of responsibilities that land on a president ’s desk .	15	contact.mediastatement.n/a
There may be even other repercussions being discussed . "	7	contact.discussion.meet
His hands were bruised , his knees are bruised , his face is bruised , and yet he had two shots to his back , and yet they never took anything , ' his mother Mary told Washington 's NBC affiliate .	13	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
On Thursday , a 13-year - old Israeli - American girl was fatally stabbed in her home in the Kiryat Arba settlement , on the outskirts of Hebron .	13	conflict.attack.stabbing
After raising the specter of rigging , she said : “ If Hillary Clinton gets in , I myself , I ’m ready for a revolution , because we ca n’t have her in . ” After a thousand cable broadcasts of that moment , Putin surely was still smiling .	40	contact.mediastatement.n/a
A US official accused Israel of treating some Arab - Americans unequally after the Jewish state detained and denied entry into its borders five pro - Palestinian American activists .	18	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
As for deployed warheads , the two countries have made slight adjustments to their deployed warheads .	9	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Hide Caption 1 of 21 Photos : Cult of Putin Putin holds a cat as he inspects housing built for victims of wildfires in the village of Krasnopolye , in a region in southeastern Siberia , Russia , on Friday , September 4 .	16	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Employers , for example , will have the right to fire employees if they hold religious beliefs defined as “ homophobic . ” Churches will lose their tax exempt status for preaching that homosexuality is a sinful behavior .	31	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
After a prolonged firefight , two U.S. service members were wounded and unfortunately Staff Sgt .	3	conflict.attack.firearmattack
" How do you know those bruises were n’t there before ? "	6	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
She has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and relies on an oxygen tank to help breathe , and after the punch Teter ended up in the hospital until 2 a.m. Tuesday , she said .	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
According to the emails , the median salary of the highest paid men at the foundation was $ 346,106 , while the median salary of the highest paid women was $ 185,386 — roughly a $ 160,000 difference .	3	contact.collaborate.correspondence
A woman reacts as she attends the Democracy and Martyrs Rally , organized by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and supported by ruling AK Party ( AKP ) , oppositions Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) and Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) , to protest against last month 's failed military coup attempt , in Istanbul , Turkey , August 7 , 2016 .	52	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
AN SAS sniper blew the head off a terrorist commander while he was teaching Islamic State recruits how to decapitate prisoners .	19	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Speaking about the fight against terrorism , specifically against ISIS , Nunes said the terror network continues to pose a major threat as it recruits more members .	24	personnel.startposition.hiring
For example , the memo advocates engaging with Sens .	5	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
“ Fox & Friends ” was mired in the election muck and beckoned Clinton - bashing author Ed Klein , who is peddling his latest , “ Guilty As Sin . ” His claims included that Clinton purposely did n't go after Bernie Sanders ' age due to her own health ills ( arrhythmia ) and that President Obama and Valerie Jarrett offered to have Hillary go secretly to Walter Reed Army Medical Center , in part to procure an “ inside ” take on her health .	27	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
“ Surrender or you will be annihilated , ” was the message residents say Mr. Assad ’s negotiators delivered to Moadhamiyeh — which endured a chemical weapons attack in 2013 and a two - year siege that ended with a deal favoring the government .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The Chinese denied entry to the Stennis amid increasing tensions with the United States over Beijing ’s assertiveness in the South China Sea .	2	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The plan also calls for amending the tax code to allow working parents to deduct childcare expenses from their income taxes .	19	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
CNN showed a moving interview with a wounded , bandage - wrapped Mormon American teenager speaking from his Belgium hospital bed .	7	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
As the regime and Russia bombard Aleppo Province , the battlefield there has become even more chaotic .	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
A Mexican official is accused of taking indecent photographs of a child and threatening the child .	4	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Sources close to the matter confirmed to Fox News that the foundation has hired cybersecurity firm FireEye .	13	personnel.startposition.n/a
Stalin was as horrific a world figure as Hitler ; he was responsible for the massacres of political opponents , the starvation of millions in forced land redistribution policies , the imprisonment of tens of millions in gulags .	21	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Russia is set to blacklist a support website for LGBT teens that officials say violates the country ’s ‘ gay propaganda ’ law .	14	government.agreements.violateagreement
" Putin , Russia , our country , our stability and the upcoming elections are the main target , specifically to destabilise the situation , " Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told journalists .	13	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
But we still learned that Clinton holds " public and private positions , " that her populist promises regarding free trade , preserving Social Security , and checking the power of Wall Street probably wo n't survive Inauguration Day .	17	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
But Hillary Clinton ’s expected choice as Defence Secretary , Michèle Flournoy , has just co - authored a report by the Centre for a New American Security ( CNAS ) in Washington that recommends that the destruction of Isis should no longer be the overriding objective of the US in Syria , but that equal priority should be given to taking military action against President Bashar al - Assad and the Syrian Army .	34	contact.requestadvise.meet
In addition to not requiring the statement be made under oath , it does not require two witnesses , or one witness with corroboration .	10	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
More than 100 presidents , prime ministers , foreign ministers and other senior officials from several dozen countries will participate in Peres ' funeral .	23	contact.funeralvigil.meet
CNN - Turk television reported some police officers and parliament workers were hurt in the bomb attack .	12	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Three years later , the World Health Assembly certified that smallpox had been eradicated .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
17/32 Syria crisis A man carries a wounded girl following a reported bombardment with explosive - packed " barrel bombs " by Syrian government forces in the al - Mowasalat neighborhood of the northern Syrian city of Aleppo	19	conflict.attack.bombing
Under the leadership of Mr. Samuel Untermeyer , Talmudists of the world declared a world boycott on all German goods and services .	15	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
She urged the UK government to expel all Russian intelligence operatives , impose economic sanctions on Moscow and impose a travel ban on Mr Putin .	1	contact.requestadvise.meet
While Clinton is clear that she never had any intention to mishandle classified documents , a fact that FBI Director James Comey noted as a factor in his decision not to recommend any charges against the former secretary of state , answers she gave to FBI agents during a July 2 interview are likely to reinforce the Republican campaign talking point that she lied to cover up her own recklessness with government secrets .	33	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Some of the thinkers I most admire fall into this category — people who construct their own Fantasy Trump with whom to fall in love .	14	manufacture.artifact.build
But of course we are ready to lend a helping hand and friendship to any of our partners , if they want to take it , " he said , according to a transcript on the Kremlin 's website .	7	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
North Korea has complex illicit trafficking networks for evading sanctions , and not all countries in the region are adequately enforcing existing measures . ”	5	movement.transportartifact.n/a
He wants the United States to commit war crimes , including torture and the murder of innocent relatives of suspected terrorists .	11	life.injure.n/a
" Or imagine an internet run like China or Russia that punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	13	movement.transportperson.n/a
Foreign officials and military analysts believe the launchers form part of Vietnam 's state - of - art EXTRA rocket artillery system recently acquired from Israel .	23	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Police have arrested a man on suspicion of trying to assassinate the chief expert witness in the investigation into the downing of the Malaysia Airlines jet MH17 .	10	life.die.n/a
In an extraordinary sign of the shifting attitudes , Castro was willing to answer one question on why his regime was keeping Cubans incarcerated for expressing anti - government views .	23	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
That ’s why I disagreed with [ Speaker ] Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE [ R - Wis.].	16	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
He was represented by a broker , ” Trump said in the interview .	12	contact.discussion.correspondence
One then hurled a bottle at the England supporters , before the gang started chucking chairs and tables at their opponents .	2	movement.transportartifact.n/a
In the U.S. , one is far more likely to be killed in a shooting by a lone white male than in a terrorist attack by an organized Muslim group .	24	life.injure.n/a
Last month , questions prepared by Swedish prosecutors were posed to Mr. Assange at the Ecuadorean Embassy , where he has been living since 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden over the rape accusation .	27	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Republican mega - donors such as New York hedge fund magnate Paul Singer and the Ricketts family , which owns the Chicago Cubs baseball team , are major players in the last - ditch GOP effort to stop Trump from becoming the party 's nominee .	9	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
bombing of Yugoslavia and the ongoing war against Iraq .	0	conflict.attack.bombing
Thick black smoke could be seen rising from the pad , while secondary explosions continued .	13	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Hide Caption 25 of 38 Photos : World War II in pictures President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's funeral procession goes down Connecticut Avenue on its way to the White House .	17	contact.funeralvigil.meet
He thinks they may have perished after the lioness hid her cubs in a cave to protect them from the hungry lions .	5	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Khizr Khan , father of slain U.S. Army Capt .	5	life.die.n/a
An Idaho jury convicted Kurbanov on terror charges in August last year following a 20-day trial and two days of deliberation .	3	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
On the front page of today 's Wall Street Journal : " PayPal co - founder Peter Thiel , who spoke in support of the Republican nominee in Cleveland last month and previously donated $ 2 million to Carly Fiorina 's campaign , said he has no plans to donate or raise money for Trump .	33	transaction.transaction.n/a
At one polling place , these Democrats ’ Republican neighbors — nice people , nothing like the Trump supporters they had seen throw punches at protesters — were proud enough to grab lawn signs .	23	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The investigative network Fusion noted that soccer fans " should n’t be surprised to learn " that several anonymous offshore entities using Mossack Fonseca are linked to FIFA , including a former FIFA secretary general , a former Union of European Football Associations ( UEFA ) president and FIFA presidential candidate , two " controversial Argentine sports and media marketers , " and a Uruguayan lawyer who , " ironically , advises FIFA on ethical issues . "	71	contact.requestadvise.n/a
So both lawyers whose names are on Gary Johnson ’s main campaign group since 2009 are not only associated with right - wing extremists and violent nativist vigilantes , but more importantly , both of them specialize in fraudulent vote schemes that help their Republican Party clients win elections by deceiving Democratic Party voters .	47	personnel.elect.winelection
Stoltenberg said Moscow continued to support the rebels in many ways , supplying equipment and advisors while it massed troops along the border with Ukraine to intimidate Kiev and built up its military presence in Crimea , home base for its key Black Sea fleet .	26	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
3 Hans Crescent for more than four years after skipping bail to avoid extradition to Sweden over sex crimes allegations , a position which - until now - has n’t prevented him from continuing to play a pivotal role in exposing state secrets and backroom trade deals .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
If the documents are authentic , they would appear to contradict the claim by CrowdStrike , the security firm the DNC brought in to investigate suspicions its servers had been hacked , that the attackers did n't access financial or donor information .	21	movement.transportartifact.n/a
" We ca n't be without Russia , that 's our export market " that could provide cheap gas , said Igor Lopukhov , 66 , a Russian - speaking pensioner who voted for Socialist Party candidate Igor Dodon , a leader in opinion polls who has vowed to restore cooperation with Moscow .	47	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Communication between the United States and Russian militaries on Syria has been limited to contacts aimed at avoiding an accidental clash as they carry out separate bombing campaigns and small numbers of U.S. forces operate on the ground .	26	conflict.attack.bombing
Eventually , there was a spate of forcible arrests , even of protesters who had retreated from the streets onto sidewalks and , in one case , into the front yard of a woman who tried to shelter them .	8	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
I never met Putin , " Trump said , responding to the Democratic National Committee hack and charges the Russians were trying to meddle in U.S. elections .	17	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
They trace the hidden hand of “ Big Pharma ” spreading disease for profit and claim that billionaires like Bill Gates are closeted eugenicists seeking to address overpopulation by promoting poisoned childhood vaccines .	30	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
We can actually begin to rein in the Saudis with a weapons embargo and by impounding their bank accounts .	12	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
According to a breaking AP news 21/01 2001 , Swedish PM Reinfeldt told reporters Thursday ( in London ) that " Sweden 's policy is not to extradite people to nations with the death penalty .	33	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
In the interview with Bild , Putin said the row between Saudi Arabia and Iran over Riyadh 's execution of a Shi'ite Muslim cleric on Jan. 2 would complicate attempts to reach a solution to the Syrian conflict .	18	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
That became obvious in 2014 , when , in the wake of Russia ’s two - pronged invasion of Ukraine , the Kremlin proved masterful at working to exacerbate divisions within Europe , getting friendlier countries , like Italy , to wobble in their support of sanctions ; financially supporting far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ; inviting the Greek finance minister to Moscow to talk bailout at the height of the Greek Euro crisis ; and allegedly bankrolling Bulgarian protests against fracking so that Bulgaria would continue to buy Russian energy .	91	transaction.transferownership.purchase
In Russia , where a woman almost died after inadvertently shooting herself while posing for a photo with a gun she had found , Russia ’s Internal Affairs Ministry published a brochure instructing citizens on safe selfie habits .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Most significant , in the past decade , Putin has invaded two neighbors , Georgia and Ukraine — including annexing Crimea , the first major land grab in Europe since World War II .	25	transaction.transaction.n/a
— are controlled by individuals and corporations who pay wages to workers who produce the goods and services .	13	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
9/15 Russia and England fans clash at Euro 2016 Fans try and escape at the end of the Euro 2016 Group B soccer match between England and Russia , AP	12	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
An attack like this is not simply an assault on the people who have been killed and injured , it 's an assault on every one of us .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Australia got a foretaste of China ’s likely propaganda offensive when leaders of the Australian Chinese community convened a forum on April 9 in Sydney .	17	contact.discussion.meet
These seven masters of deception incurred their guilt by debasing their solemn oaths of office on behalf of undisclosed domestic and foreign principals without any apparent qualms or misgivings , to enhance their political fortunes totally oblivious of the threat to United States security and survival .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
You simply do not have a right to the fruits of others ’ labor without compensating them for it .	15	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
After purchasing thousands of dollars in outdoor supplies from area sporting goods stores and requesting the weapons and equipment the team would need in Afghanistan , the six men spent the remainder of October bouncing between the CIA ’s Camp Peary — better known as The Farm — in Williamsburg , Va. , and the agency ’s headquarters .	1	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
An individual ’s right to possess a weapon will thus be nullified , thereby giving the federal government sweeping powers to confiscate guns from Americans and making it illegal for individuals to purchase guns .	21	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Reporters in Mexico who investigate crime or corruption are often murdered , and sometimes tortured first .	14	life.injure.n/a
Last month , Cruz complained that the Obama administration had turned against Libyan dictator Muammar Qaddafi after he “ voluntarily handed over his nuclear program and shut it down . ” In an interview with MSNBC ’s Joe Scarborough , Cruz repeated this point and commiserated over the counterproductive message Obama had thereby sent to other regimes .	33	contact.discussion.meet
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the C.I.A. ’s help .	6	movement.transportartifact.n/a
PALMYRA , Syria Islamic State militants retreating from Palmyra laid thousands of mines that they planned to set off simultaneously as the army moved in , a Syrian officer told Reuters in the ancient city after its recapture from the jihadist fighters .	6	conflict.yield.n/a
But resentment remains high in Belgrade over NATO 's air strikes , whose vestiges can be seen in battered ex - Defence Ministry buildings in the centre of the Serbian capital .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told TASS , " It is early to rattle a sabre " when asked if Russia should boycott next year ’s contest .	21	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The preservation of Bialowieza is such a sensitive matter that IKEA , which relies on Polish timber for 25 percent of its global furniture production , vowed years ago not to buy any wood from Bialowieza .	31	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
As Don Graham , the former owner of The Post , put it on Facebook : “ Well , after 228 years -- the bitterest differences imaginable , the Civil War , the Depression , Vietnam , many more -- a Presidential candidate has threatened to throw his opponent in jail if elected .	52	personnel.elect.winelection
" It would be easy to demolish it : place an explosive , blow it up and everything , but to take it down carefully and transport it to a storage place for totalitarian statues needs more care , " a spokeswoman for the local mayor 's office said .	6	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Similarly , the Clinton statement attacks Trump for the same thing – as if the American people want to start a military conflict in Europe for the sake of a corrupt kleptocracy that came to power by overthrowing the elected President .	5	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
When you can do that , you can make a great deal of money by investing in higher - end speculative financial instruments , because short - term borrowing costs are lower than long - term speculative yields .	28	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In Ukraine , would Clinton escalate U.S. military support for the post - coup anti - Russian Ukrainian government , encouraging its forces to annihilate the ethnic Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine and to “ liberate ” the people of Crimea from “ Russian aggression ” ( though they voted by 96 percent to leave the failed Ukrainian state and rejoin Russia ) ?	24	conflict.attack.n/a
Even George W. Bush , who ignited some of the conflicts that people are today fleeing , chose to restart the Refugee Resettlement Program after 9/11 .	15	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Three days later , Morell told Charlie Rose in a PBS interview that the CIA should actively assassinate Russians and Iranians in Syria .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" He 's not a war hero , " Trump said in July 2015 about Sen. John McCain , who was imprisoned and tortured for more than five years in a North Vietnamese prison .	21	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The government ’s move was applauded by privacy advocates such as Christopher Soghoian at the American Civil Liberties Union .	8	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Those attacks have killed at least 2,043 people and injured thousands more .	9	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The Qataris had paid to smuggle shipments of Chinese - made FN-6 shoulder - fired weapons over the border from Turkey , and Saudi Arabia sent thousands of Kalashnikovs and millions of rounds of ammunition it had bought , sometimes with the CIA 's help .	5	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Just this past week in California there was a KKK rally in Anaheim where three counter - protesters were stabbed and 13 others were arrested .	24	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Live coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan MORE demanded that Clinton release the transcripts , and Trump has since taken up the call .	21	contact.commandorder.broadcast
The CIA program of support has been aided by hundreds of millions of dollars , coming by legal act of Congress , provided directly by the American taxpayers , who have paid the wages of the FSA and their allies .	33	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
According to the Bureau of Prisons , there are 207,847 people incarcerated in federal prisons .	11	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
First of all , Europe should lift the embargo on the Syrian people ; they do n’t have an embargo on the Syrian government , it is against the Syrian people .	19	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In a meeting during apec with Malcolm Turnbull , the new prime minister of Australia , Obama described how he has watched Indonesia gradually move from a relaxed , syncretistic Islam to a more fundamentalist , unforgiving interpretation ; large numbers of Indonesian women , he observed , have now adopted the hijab , the Muslim head covering .	2	contact.discussion.n/a
WHO still hopes to be able to evacuate sick and wounded from Aleppo , she said .	7	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Critics also point to an apparent inconsistency in logic : if the professed aim of campus carry laws is to promote safety by giving students a tool to defend themselves and also to pursue their constitutional right to bear arms , why do the rules allow students to be treated differently depending on whether they are at the public University of Houston , or three miles west at the private Rice University ?	12	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Aim , endorsed by PUTIN , has been to encourage splits and divisions in western alliance . ” It maintained that Trump “ and his inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin , including on his Democratic and other political rivals . ” It claimed that Russian intelligence had “ compromised ” Trump during his visits to Moscow and could “ blackmail him . ” It also reported that Russian intelligence had compiled a dossier on Hillary Clinton based on “ bugged conversations she had on various visits to Russia and intercepted phone calls . ”	66	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
She has used Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s remarks " urging the Russians to find emails her office had deleted , " as if they were a specific instruction , representative of Trump 's leadership .	10	contact.requestadvise.meet
After police on Monday detained a woman who was brandishing the severed head of a child and threatening to blow herself up in northwestern Moscow , Russia 's digital media and social networks were overflowing with updates on the story and expressions of horror and outrage .	17	contact.threatencoerce.meet
While the interviews were not technically conducted “ under oath ” — lying to federal agents is itself a crime , as is obstruction of justice — they do open a uniquely candid window into how the decisions around Hillary Clinton ’s email server unfolded .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
As she eviscerated him on calling women pigs and dogs , Trump lied about his position on the Iraq War , lied about his reasons for not releasing his tax returns , lied about his belief that climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese , lied about his feeling that pregnancy is an " inconvenience " for businesses , lied during his defense of unconstitutional stop and frisk , lied that crime is getting worse in New York , and then lied when he said his temperament was his greatest quality .	12	contact.prevarication.meet
More than 400 people have been executed since the government lifted a four - year moratorium on the death penalty in 2014 , following the Taliban ’s massacre at a school in Peshawar .	27	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The decision Mr Ali could be executed as early as 26 October , despite a medical assessment in September concluding his illness appeared to be “ treatment resistant ” .	21	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Denmark has publicly acknowledged for the first time that in June 2013 a US plane was waiting in a Copenhagen airport to extradite NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US .	22	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
However , interviews with tax lawyers and officials in Canada cast doubt on assertions that the partnership was necessary to confer a tax benefit ; an examination shows that for many donors it was not needed , and in any event , since 2010 , Canadians could have donated to the foundation directly and received the same tax break .	20	contact.discussion.correspondence
Several people told AFP that state employees including teachers and doctors were " strongly recommended " to be present at the funeral .	21	contact.funeralvigil.meet
Colom was succeeded by a right - wing corrupt president who resigned for corruption and then was arrested .	17	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Skepticism , suspicion , and doubt on both sides have been replaced by cooperation , dialogue , and trust . ”	15	contact.discussion.n/a
It is short - term slavery at best , but it 's possibly debilitating and even fatal .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Democrats have often assailed Mr. Trump for his comments about Mr. Putin , whom he has characterized as a stronger leader than President Obama .	3	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
By contrast , Right to Rise , the super - PAC that supported Jeb Bush , spent $ 103 million before Bush quit the GOP presidential race in late February .	22	personnel.endposition.n/a
Police sources told Russian news agencies that the victim had been decapitated and the head removed from the scene by the nanny .	11	life.die.n/a
She also spoke openly about surgery she had to fight breast cancer to encourage other women to get screened for the disease .	5	life.injure.n/a
ISIS rounding - up what it calls the “ nation of the cross ” in a campaign of genocide .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
If he were president , Donald Trump — who likes to say he does n't spend a lot of time conferring with others ( " My primary consultant is myself , " he declared in March)—would be free to launch a civilization - ending nuclear war on his own any time he chose .	20	contact.discussion.correspondence
In a 13-tweet blast , Snowden said the auction may be a signal to the US to think twice before retaliating over the hack of two Democratic Party organizations .	8	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
( In fact , the Pakistanis were likely helping bin Laden to escape . )	12	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
In June , Trump , while in Scotland to promote his golf resort there , proclaimed Brexit “ a great thing , ” and his affinity with Europe ’s far - right runs deeper than their mutual dislike of the European Union .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Hide Caption 3 of 93 Photos : Mosul operation : Iraqi - led forces push into key city Mosul residents cross a damaged bridge in the al - Sukkar neighborhood on Saturday , January 21 .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Moscow has signed an agreement with Los Angeles - based company Hyperloop One to explore building a futuristic , high - speed transportation system known as a Hyperloop in the Russian capital .	4	government.agreements.violateagreement
“ We know they ’ve cut stipends to foreign fighters and many foreign fighters are in arrears on pay . ”	6	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
“ The company was a transparent Russian front , and how much Podesta was compensated — and for what — is unclear .	14	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
And yet we ’re not reimbursed fairly for what we do .	5	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Germany 's genocide vote inflames tensions with Turkey	2	life.die.n/a
Ditto if he releases a top - line summary of his income and taxes paid .	11	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In November , In November , Muawiya was indicted on charges of attempted murder and possession of a knife .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
All too often , Trump has marshaled lies to scapegoat ethnic or religious minorities ( as when he asserted , with absolutely no supporting evidence , the discredited allegation that Muslims citizens had conspired to conceal the burgeoning terrorist plot in San Bernardino ) .	35	movement.transportartifact.hide
Fans clash in Marseille 's Old Port district as violence continues for the third day in a row between English and Russian supporters	1	conflict.attack.n/a
Commenting on the assassination , Donetsk rebel leader Alexander Zakharchenko said : " As I understand it , Petro Poroshenko has violated the ceasefire and declared war on us . "	21	government.agreements.violateagreement
The Russian raids struck at least five areas of the opposition - held half of the city , which is bracing for a ground assault by Shia forces allied to the Syrian regime .	24	conflict.attack.n/a
Various U.S. officials and pundits have made threatening statements directed at Assange in the past .	7	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Vulnerable senators like Rob Portman Rob PortmanFeehery : Returning to civility Otto Warmbier , US student held in North Korea for 17 months , dies These GOP senators need to stand up to their party on healthcare MORE ( Ohio ) , John McCain John McCainGOP defense spending battle delays Republican budget Otto Warmbier , US student held in North Korea for 17 months , dies What the next round of American military base closures will look like MORE ( Ariz. ) and Kelly Ayotte Kelly AyotteKelly Ayotte joins defense contractor 's board of directors Week ahead : Comey firing dominates Washington GOP senators pitch Merrick Garland for FBI director MORE ( N.H. ) have withdrawn their support , but others in tight races — including Pat Toomey ( Pa. ) , Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE ( Fla. ) and Richard Burr Richard BurrSenate GOP shifts focus to Lynch Senate Intel Committee to hold public hearing on election meddling Sessions sequel falls flat following Comey drama MORE ( N.C. ) — are staying the course .	184	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
“ In addition , Turkish artillery bombarded the towns of Maraanaz , al - Malikiyah , Minagh , Ain Dakna and Bazi Bagh , which are home to the civilian population , ” the complaint addressed to the UN Secretary General and the UN Security Council said .	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
According to various estimates , between 24,000 and 100,000 ethnic Herero and 10,000 Nama tribal people died as a result of starvation , abuse , and diseases during the course of the warfare and in concentration camps .	21	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The Daily Beast recently unearthed that during his divorce from Ivana Trump , his first ex - wife had accused him of “ rape ” ( she ’d later rescind the claim ) , leading Trump consigliere Michael Cohen to say last week , “ You can not rape your spouse .	48	life.injure.n/a
During the past two weeks , thousands of military officers and soldiers have been arrested , scores of judges detained and dozens of media organizations shut down .	19	movement.transportperson.n/a
The essence of the crime is the willful untruth of a material statement made when under oath .	16	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
And the Democratic Blue Nation Review , run by longtime Clinton operative David Brock , warned that online “ Bernie or Bust ” supporters could instead be “ sophisticated agitators ” in the pay of the Russian government .	33	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Foreign oligarchs and governments , then donate to this Canadian charity .	6	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — For more than three years , lobbyist Jim Slattery worked in Washington to secure the release in Ukraine of the imprisoned political rival of the country 's then - president .	25	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
In the so - called Saturday Night Massacre , Nixon instructed Attorney General Elliot Richardson to fire special prosecutor Archibald Cox , who had been appointed by Congress to look into his illegal activities during the Watergate scandal .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
( Photographer : Pete Marovich / Bloomberg via Getty Images ) Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D - Mass . , greets guests during a rally on the east lawn of the Capitol to urge Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky . , to hold a vote on the ' Seniors and Veterans Emergency Benefits Act , ' March 9 , 2016 .	33	contact.commandorder.broadcast
With Clinton ’s repeated claims she employed the personal email server only for mundane communications and non - sensitive State matters having been proven outright lies , the deletions of 31,830 emails — in the new context of Napolitano ’s statement — have suddenly become remarkably relevant .	31	contact.collaborate.correspondence
" Daesh fighters have withdrawn from several villages on the outskirts of Jarablus and are heading south toward the city of al Bab , " the Failaq al Sham commander said .	4	conflict.yield.n/a
Evgeny Korotyshkin , a Russian former Olympic swimmer , visiting Rio as president of the Moscow swimming association , also claimed to have been robbed by gun - toting teenagers who let him photograph them in exchange for all the money he had on him .	24	conflict.attack.n/a
As Rhodes explained to his bemused interviewer , David Samuels , in a New York Times Magazine profile this weekend , it was first necessary to lie to a corrupted and inexperienced American media about all sorts of things , beginning with the nature and intentions of the enemy Iranian regime .	26	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Clinton got some bad news from a federal judge Monday , who gave the State Department until September 23 to determine a plan on how to release nearly 15,000 documents the FBI had obtained as part of its investigation into her private email server -- possibly creating a timeline where thousands of emails could be made public right before Election Day .	52	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The Jefferson Parish sheriff 's deputy was shot dead on June 22 during a confrontation with a man he had approached on the street , authorities said .	7	life.injure.n/a
The Russian defense ministry said the Mi-8 military transport helicopter was shot down after delivering humanitarian aid to Aleppo as it made its way back to Khmeimim .	8	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
MOSCOW : A nanny accused of decapitating a young girl in her care then walking through the street brandishing the head , on Wednesday said " Allah ordered " the killing as she appeared at a Moscow court . Suspect Gyulchekhra Bobokulova from Muslim - majority Uzbekistan — whom the press have dubbed " the bloody nanny " — was detained on Monday as she was waving the child 's severed head outside a Moscow metro station .	60	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Drastically reduce the number of polling locations to make voting nearly impossible	9	government.vote.castvote
They get paid to do it , and it 's almost like child trafficking .. We were worried it would happen to us .	13	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
As president , Dr. Jill Stein will abolish all student debt .	7	government.legislate.legislate
The American Family Association , another sponsor of the Values Voter Summit , likewise backed Texas in the Lawrence case , writing in the amicus brief that a law like Texas ’ could prevent the “ injury caused to the public by same - sex sodomy ” and would even protect the gay people it targeted by sparing them “ illness , disease and death resulting from [ their ] conduct . ” That same year , the AFA published an essay lamenting that the disappearance of sodomy laws showed that “ Judeo - Christian views ” were being abandoned in favor of “ moral relativism . ” In 2011 , then - AFA spokesman Bryan Fischer said that homosexuality should be a “ criminal offense . ”	60	life.injure.n/a
Scores of people , mostly women and children , rushed to abandon the battered city , which has been contested by several armed forces .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Ms. Wasserman Schultz ’s decision to resign could help tamp down open dissent by Sanders delegates at the convention .	6	personnel.endposition.quitretire
Human Rights Watch also interviewed witnesses to all three of these arrests and viewed a security camera video in which police officers can be seen using what appears to be unnecessary force to arrest the 15-year - old boy .	11	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Earlier that same day , the former secretary of state was even more explicit about what she would demand from American technology companies : " We 're going to need help from Facebook and from YouTube and from Twitter , " she declared on ABC 's This Week , announcing a strategy of fighting terrorists " in the air , " " on the ground , " and " on the Internet . "	49	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
This is the time to borrow .	5	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
In recent years the two countries repeatedly clashed over territorial disputes in the South China Sea , with Beijing reacting furiously in 2014 after Duterte ’s predecessor , Benigno Aquino , compared its activities in the region to Nazi Germany ’s expansionism .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
They eventually hired Amanda Renteria , who is Latina .	2	personnel.startposition.hiring
What do you think about General and Secretary of State Colin Powell , whose parents immigrated from Jamaica , or former Army intelligence officer , Secretary of Defense and CIA Director Leon Panetta , whose family immigrated from Italy ?	36	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
In May , ISIL took Palmyra in a matter of days and later demolished some of its best - known monuments .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Clinton : " It 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated . "	40	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Undeterred by U.N. sanctions , Pyongyang kept forging ahead to a point where it claimed the January test involved a hydrogen bomb , a much more powerful and sophisticated nuclear weapon than conventional atomic bombs , even though the U.S. say its analysis is not consistent with Pyongyang 's claims .	3	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Russia ’s state - owned Gazprom said a few months ago that it wants to push gas exports to Europe to record levels and the company is confident that U.S. LNG wo n’t steal market share .	17	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Trump ripped Ryan as a “ weak and ineffective leader . ” He attacked “ foul mouthed ” Sen. John McCain John McCainMcCain : North Korean regime murdered Otto Warmbier GOP defense spending battle delays Republican budget Otto Warmbier , US student held in North Korea for 17 months , dies MORE ( R - Ariz . ) , who is in a tight race for reelection to his Senate seat , and blasted party leaders for their “ disloyalty . ”	27	life.die.n/a
While Turkey has closed its border along Isis territory , the terrorist group itself has launched a brutal crackdown on defectors , publicly executing anyone accused of trying to flee or attempting to smuggle people away .	23	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
In September , the public attorney in Deir Ezzor sent three faxes — later retrieved by the CIJA ’s investigators — to the governor , the Syrian minister of justice , and the head of the province ’s joint investigation committee , urging them to stop violating Syrian law .	11	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Stein rightly criticized Hillary Clinton for not holding a press conference in over seven months , but the journalists convened that afternoon were primarily from amateur and activist outlets sympathetic to her agenda , and their questions dominated the proceedings .	19	contact.discussion.meet
Thus , there is a parallel between the two men ’s unexpected rise to power that is worth considering : Why would traditional conservatives willingly hand power to a figure so dangerous that he threatened their own political and economic interests ?	34	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Turkey reacted with fury on Thursday ( 2 June ) after the Bundestag labelled the World War I massacre of Armenians by Ottoman forces as genocide , threatening further measures .	25	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The Sakhour hospital was put out of service earlier this year after it was targeted several different times by air strikes , but members of the Civil Defence have recently by working to repair it .	20	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" This is collusion and corruption of the highest order and is one more reason I will ask my attorney general ... to appoint a special prosecutor .	23	personnel.startposition.hiring
# Kabul Health ministry spokesman told me that more than 50 death and wounded are taken to Istiqlal hospital near the blast scene — Khalil Noori ( @KhalilNoori ) July 23 , 2016	13	life.injure.n/a
The annexation of Crimea in 2014 was seen as both a power grab and a land grab by Mr. Putin .	15	transaction.transaction.n/a
Astronauts , including the UK ’s Tim Peake , orbiting 250 miles above Earth used a robotic arm to capture the Dragon , which holds three tonnes of freight and had as part of its payload a soft - sided compartment built by Bigelow Aerospace .	28	movement.transportartifact.fall
But after Kiev blocked freight supplies last year prices soared .	4	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
" After all , in one region of Seine - Saint - Denis revenues from smuggling ( particularly of cigarettes ) were 350 million euros .	15	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
The desert oasis was once known as a melting pot of faiths and ethnicities , and by demolishing its artifacts , the jihadists also hoped to eradicate knowledge of its diverse legacy .	17	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Seven countries , including three Persian Gulf states , donated millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state .	9	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Despite the warnings from watchdog groups , some Democratic lawmakers urged the Obama administration to aggressively push for the Panama agreement .	10	contact.commandorder.n/a
After all , they ’re providing aid to your enemies .	5	transaction.transaction.n/a
The five abstentions were : Brazil , Russia , India , China and Germany ; Russian and China , which as permanent members could have vetoed the motion , complained later that they were deceived as to the real purpose of the “ no - fly zone , ” not realizing that it was a pretext for another “ regime change , ” which involved slaughtering much of the Libyan army before driving Gaddafi from power .	34	contact.prevarication.correspondence
He obtained a statute that we call Obamacare , the Affordable Care Act .	1	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Rejoin the Anti - Ballistic Missile Treaty , which the US dropped out of in 2002 when it installed missiles and missile bases in Turkey , Romania , and Poland .	6	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Franklin & Marshall College conducted its poll of 496 likely voters in Pennsylvania via online and telephone interviews from Sept. 28 to Oct. 2 .	16	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The Uranium stakes in this purchase reached from Central Asia to Western America , making Rosatom one of the largest producers of uranium in the world .	5	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Assange has characterized the investigation as part of a broader conspiracy on the part of the U.S. government to incarcerate him , extradite him , and have him killed in prison—“Jack Ruby style , ” as he put it to the Guardian .	22	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
From Mike DeBonis : The Arizona senator answered a question about the debate over gun control by citing Obama ’s culpability for the attack through his foreign policy : “ Barack Obama is directly responsible for it , because when he pulled everybody out of Iraq , al - Qaeda went to Syria , became ISIS , and ISIS is what it is today thanks to Barack Obama ’s failures . ” When pressed by a reporter on the claim that Obama was “ directly ” responsible , McCain reiterated his point — that Obama should not have withdrawn combat troops from Iraq .	98	conflict.yield.retreat
Or merely imprisoned without trial ?	2	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The Syrian conflict has now become a “ proxy war ” between the two Cold War superpowers , believes Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey , Numan Kurtulmus , who warned that that the conflict could escalate beyond the Middle East .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The FBI announced it was investigating a hack involving the emails .	5	justice.investigate.n/a
The U.S. national debt is 25x larger than all global oil exports in 2015 .	11	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
That rebranding put the group in a strong position to capitalise on last week ’s campaign , particularly if it can consolidate a victory that casts it as a champion of Aleppo ’s battered civilians .	33	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Deripaska once was denied entry to the United States because of alleged mafia ties , current and former officials told NBC News .	3	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Presidential candidates from both parties are battling Tuesday in primary events in more than 10 states .	6	conflict.attack.n/a
The comments by Zanganeh revived memories of the last OPEC meeting in December which ended without a decision after Zanganeh said he rejected any plan to curtail Iran 's production before it rises to pre - sanction levels .	36	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Chinese authorities prevented two activists from participating in the review : Ye Haiyan , China ’s most prominent sex worker rights activist , was placed under administrative detention , while HIV - AIDS activist Wang Qiuyun ’s passport was confiscated .	39	transaction.transaction.n/a
Brought by youth plaintiffs , and by me , on behalf of future generations , the lawsuit alleges that by permitting , authorizing , and subsidizing the exploitation , production , transport , and burning of fossil fuels , our government has caused or substantially contributed to the present emergency in which the very viability of a hospitable climate system is at stake .	31	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Qatar National Bank , Deutsche Bank and Barclays helped arrange the five - year loan , expected to carry a margin of 90 basis points over London Interbank Offered Rate .	14	transaction.transferownership.n/a
A spokesman for the governor insisted : ‘ This case wo n’t affect exports or the quality of meat . ’	13	movement.transportartifact.n/a
In July 2015 , Human Rights Watch documented six cases of abuse of children whom Israeli security forces had detained in East Jerusalem and other parts of the Israeli - occupied West Bank .	19	movement.transportartifact.n/a
His hands were bruised , his knees are bruised , his face is bruised , and yet he had two shots to his back , and yet they never took anything , ' his mother Mary told Washington 's NBC affiliate .	3	life.injure.n/a
Image copyright Reuters Image caption North Korean TV broadcast the recent launch of the rocket	8	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Our verdict on the jewelry : true , but misleading .	9	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Specifically , he made the documents public through journalists , including reporters working for The Post , enabling the American public to learn for the first time that the NSA was collecting domestic telephone “ metadata ” — information about the time of a call and the parties to it , but not its content — en masse with no case - by - case court approval .	33	contact.collaborate.correspondence
They then bombarded the Federal Reserve Bank of New York with nearly three dozen requests to move money from the Bangladesh Bank ’s account there to entities in the Philippines and Sri Lanka , the officials said .	2	conflict.attack.n/a
Russia insists it chooses its targets carefully to avoid civilian casualties , but rescuers on the ground , human rights groups , and Western governments have all chastized Moscow for bombarding crowded public places in opposition territory since its campaign in Syria began .	30	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
He proudly admitted that he had indeed used $ 916 million in tax write - offs against his income , but attacked Clinton for not changing the very law he used .	18	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Provide full protection for workplace rights , including the right to a safe workplace and the right to organize a union without fear of firing or reprisal by passing the Employee Free Choice Act .	24	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
The investigation might have ended there , but CrowdStrike discovered another , better - hidden infiltrator in the computers of the Democratic committee : A group known as APT 29 , or Cozy Bear , which is considered more skillful and has been linked to the F.S.B. , the main successor to the K.G.B.	1	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
When the Left makes a great show about “ racism ” because a village emblem supposedly displays a white man strangling a Native American , and it turns out that it actually depicts a voluntary wrestling match in which a white man earned the local Natives’ respect,[20 ] , or because of the use of the word “ Redskins ” for a sports team when it turns out that 9 out of 10 Native Americans do n’t really care,[21 ] the Left is crying wolf .	20	conflict.attack.strangling
The Foreign Agents Registration Act was signed into law by Bill Clinton on December 19 , 1995 .	6	government.legislate.legislate
In typical vasovagal syncope , there 's less blood in the upper body when you 're standing because it 's pooling in the lower body , and maybe you 're dehydrated to boot .	30	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Uefa normally argues that it can police behaviour by supporters only inside stadiums , and to that end has launched disciplinary proceedings against Russia over the scenes at the end of the match .	21	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Indeed , when the Arab Spring came to Libya in 2010 , Clinton was the Obama administration ’s most forceful advocate for toppling Muammar Gaddafi .	20	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
U.S. authorities also arrested and indicted two of Maduro 's family members for drug trafficking late last year .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
“ Sure , he ’s extreme sometimes , ” he said , “ but maybe that lets him get something done to bring in some jobs . ” Pechy has heard the accusations that Trump is anti - Hispanic or anti - black or anti - immigrant , but “ that ’s probably exaggerated , just like what they say about Hillary is exaggerated , ” he said .	22	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Consider , for example , this exchange with David Sanger , where Trump begins by complaining that removing sanctions from Iran will allow the country to do more business abroad , and then complains that Iran is not doing more business abroad :	18	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The human rights group produced a 133-page dossier alleging Nigerian forces caused the deaths of 8,000 people through murder , starvation , suffocation and torture during security operations against Islamist militants Boko Haram .	20	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Rebel - held parts of Aleppo have been heavily bombarded recently by pro - government forces .	9	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
She oversaw significant accomplishments , from building a global coalition to impose crippling sanctions against Iran , to brokering a ceasefire in Gaza and protecting Israel , to supporting President Obama ’s decision to bring Osama bin Laden to justice , and much more .	20	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
I think maybe there 's a political reason why you ca n't say it , but I really do n't believe -- in New York City , stop - and - frisk , we had 2,200 murders , and stop - and - frisk brought it down to 500 murders .	36	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The U.S. intelligence community has been observing the shipment of the SA-23 inside Russia in recent weeks , according to one official .	8	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
I like people who were n’t captured , ok ?	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The Republican nominee for president of the United States has promised to imprison his opponent if he wins the election .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
It was around that time the intelligence community ramped up speculation that the self - proclaimed apolitical Romanian , lone wolf hacker was actually a Russian intelligence agency .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Although he faces criminal charges in the United States for leaking classified information regarding global surveillance programs run by the NSA — two counts of violating the Espionage Act of 1917 and theft of government property — there 's nothing to legally hinder Snowden from voting in presidential elections until he is convicted , according to his lawyer .	25	government.agreements.violateagreement
" Imagine an internet run like many Middle Eastern countries that punish what they deem to be blasphemy , or imagine an internet run like China or Russia , [ which ] punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	34	movement.transportperson.n/a
“ Plan A ” being the current effort to secure the collaboration of the United Nations , Russia , Iran and elements within the Assad government itself to achieve by means of a negotiated settlement what it has proven unable to secure on the battlefield over the last five years : regime change in Damascus .	33	contact.negotiate.meet
Similarly , Marxists are always alert to how media produced by big corporations can be tilted to serve those corporations ' class interests .	9	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
As Obama was en route , scores of anti - Castro dissidents from the group Ladies in White were arrested and detained after their weekly protest in Havana .	21	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Moreover , as my colleague Loveday Morris detailed last year , the Islamic State — also known as ISIS and ISIL – developed a lucrative , illicit trade in smuggling the antiquities it chose not to smash .	29	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
( The same when a citizen of China buys a luxury apartment in a Trump tower . )	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Sixty - two Syrian soldiers were killed and over 100 injured in the airstrike by the US - led coalition , Russia ’s Defense Ministry spokesman , Major - General Igor Konashenkov , said , citing information received from the Syrian General Command .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The Greek government rebuked Austria for imposing the restrictions and for convening a meeting of western Balkan countries to discuss the migration crisis that excluded Greece .	11	contact.discussion.n/a
Accounts of the controversial payments surfaced this weekend when The New York Times reported that Manafort 's name appears on a list of payments amounting to $ 12.7 million from 2007 to 2012 .	23	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
" We have always urged the military to make deals , " said Huyser , according to the record of the phone conversation .	4	contact.commandorder.broadcast
BRENNAN : Well , again , depending on if he were to be captured , depending where he was captured , the conditions , the circumstances , who did the capturing , I think that would determine the course of how he would be handled , how he would be debriefed , how he would be prosecuted , how he would be just handled .	30	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Both these accounts claimed that the soldier was shooting at the Quran , though the video never states this explicitly .	8	conflict.attack.firearmattack
Caesar ’s team sometimes catalogued more than fifty corpses a day — emaciated , mutilated , cut , burned , shot , beaten , strangled , broken , melted .	24	conflict.attack.strangling
The CIA tried pills again , recruiting an erstwhile lover of Castro 's to deliver the poison .	16	conflict.attack.n/a
I 'm fully aware of the bloody legacy of the various imperialisms that have afflicted this battered place for almost as long as the world has been aware of Afghanistan .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
" More likely , they had plenty but they decided to use it privately to good effect , whether we are talking about debts or blackmail . "	25	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
So , for someone to honestly believe that Bill and Hillary Clinton use their foundation as a front for their international crime ring where they help set up arms deals , support illegal wars and a bunch of other illegal activity — that means they believe that they were capable of getting away with every outlandish conspiracy that they ’ve been accused of for the last 20 + years — but were dumb enough to set up this highly complex international crime organization masquerading as a charity with their name on it where everyone would know that it was their foundation and who was donating to it .	104	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Armyansk , a sleepy Crimean town near the newly - established border with Ukraine , is not far from where Russia says it fought armed clashes with Ukrainian infiltrators last week .	25	conflict.attack.n/a
Kyle Hadden , 24 ( right ) and Mark Higgins , 43 , ( left ) were walking on the beach in Hurghada when they heard gunshots	17	movement.transportperson.n/a
The ACLU stands with the protesters in Baton Rouge and urges the police to honor our constitutional rights instead of stomping on them .	10	contact.requestadvise.n/a
( VATICAN RADIO ) Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law on July 7th a package of so - called anti - terrorism measures .	8	government.legislate.legislate
Jim Lacy ’s much more serious partner in political dirty tricks operations over the past two decades is Citizen United ’s co - founder Floyd Brown , a Republican Sasquatch who gets a lot of credit for the notorious Willie Horton race - baiting ads in 1988 , designed to scare whites into believing Dukakis would empty out the prisons on weekends and allow black inmates to rape and rob white women .	69	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Participation in nuclear and weapons of mass destruction threats to the United States ( a ) “ Whoever , within the United States or subject to the jurisdiction of the United States , willfully participates in or knowingly provides material support or resources ( as defined in section 2339A ) to a nuclear weapons program or other weapons of mass destruction program of a foreign terrorist power , or attempts or conspires to do so , shall be imprisoned for not more than 20 years . ”	78	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Only scattered signs of ISIS 's self - declared ' caliphate ' remain in Fallujah , a city west of Baghdad which was seized by anti - government fighters in early 2014 and later became a key jihadist stronghold .	23	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The Democratic National Convention was supposed to be the flawless , slickly - produced one where the establishment struck back .	13	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , never being in business , never really negotiating , give away for nothing things they should n’t give away .	13	contact.negotiate.n/a
The newspaper ’s then editor - in - chief Kevin Lau Chun - to was stabbed by two assailants in February 2014 , raising questions whether the attack was related to the investigation .	15	conflict.attack.stabbing
In May , EgyptAir Flight 804 plunged into the Mediterranean , en route to Cairo from Paris , killing all 66 people on board .	6	movement.transportartifact.fall
He later bought a 20 percent share in the project .	2	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
China is working on a floating nuclear power plant that could sail to specific sites and anchor offshore to produce power for various needs .	19	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
Statistically , that means that all of the money these nations borrowed externally , much of it from the United States and Europe , has been sent offshore .	11	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Trump constantly declares that many of the free trade agreements vigorously supported by Republicans have led to the “ rape ” of the United States .	19	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
“ Again , Russia did not seize Crimea , ” Epshteyn said in an appearance on CNN on July 31 .	6	transaction.transaction.n/a
" This lets Putin off the hook for the first land grab in Europe since World War II , " said Morell .	10	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The centerpiece of Trump 's presidential campaign is the plan to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico as a barrier against illegal migration , criminals and narcotics trafficking .	30	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
US State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a statement late on Saturday that Washington urged Turkey to cease its cross - border artillery fire .	15	contact.requestadvise.n/a
No specific harm , actual or attempted , to any individual American was ever shown to have resulted from the NSA telephone metadata program Mr. Snowden brought to light .	21	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The government , based in the Marshall Islands capital of Majuro , said by not stopping the nuclear arms race , the countries continued to breach their obligations under the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) – even if the treaty has not been signed by countries such as India and Pakistan .	34	government.agreements.violateagreement
And it 's just a fact that if you 're a young African - American man and you do the same thing as a young white man , you are more likely to be arrested , charged , convicted , and incarcerated .	41	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He says enormous hacks of federal worker data and FBI contact information show the technological incompetence of the government to protect against potentially catastrophic cyber warfare , which he says could destroy the entire U.S. power grid and kill many Americans .	31	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
-- Police arrested a suspect in the killing of Alonzo Jackson , the 68-year - old who was murdered in cold blood as he pumped gas on the way to take his friend to a doctor 's appointment .	2	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
“ He will be working hard in his own Congressional District , touring businesses and meeting with voters throughout the Central Valley , ” Rep. David Valadao ’s ( Calif. ) spokeswoman said .	15	contact.discussion.meet
FACT : Politifact is confusing commitments to donate with the actual dates of donations .	7	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
The name of the company was then changed to Trump Entertainment Resorts ; it filed for bankruptcy in 2009 , four days after Trump resigned from the board .	24	personnel.endposition.quitretire
A few months later , in August 2014 , Obama was on Martha ’s Vineyard when news came that the Islamic State had conducted a videotaped execution of American journalist James Foley , an act that shocked the American public .	26	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Former CNN contributor Donna Brazile has officially resigned from the network .	15	personnel.endposition.quitretire
He said his parents urged him to work with those individuals because they were investors in Kolion , the complaint said .	4	contact.commandorder.correspondence
William F. Buckley Jr. proclaimed , in the founding statement of this journal , that conservatism “ stands athwart history , yelling Stop , at a time when no one is inclined to do so , or to have much patience with those who so urge it . ” Has n’t Donald Trump always been a man inclined to go along — indeed , impatient to get along — with history ?	4	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
But elite culture stigmatizes plain speaking , so that now a rapist or a murderer is a “ person who committed a crime ” or an “ individual who was incarcerated , ” says the Obama Department of Justice , or , according to the latest humbug from the Department of Education , a “ justice - involved individual . ” Implicit in these euphemisms is the theory that “ society , ” not the criminal , is to blame for crime , a long - exploded idea aimed at blurring the distinction between right and wrong .	30	movement.transportperson.n/a
U.S. military officials " have and continue to recommend to the Saudi military leadership to investigate all incidents of civilian casualties allegedly caused by airstrikes and has asked that the coalition reveal the results of these investigations publicly , " according to U.S. spokesman Raines .	8	contact.requestadvise.n/a
In June 2013 , a WikiLeaks activist accompanied him as he made his way from Hong Kong to Moscow , a week after WikiLeaks ’ founder , Julian Assange , encouraged the government of Ecuador to accept Mr. Snowden ’s asylum request .	40	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Speaking at Finlandia Hall for the official opening of parliament while the parliament building is undergoing renovation , Niinistö said that most asylum seekers were not fleeing immediate danger .	22	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Public reaction has been overwhelmingly positive in both Norway and Finland , with the only objection so far coming from the indigenous Sami community , whose reindeer roam freely across the border and who argue that the land should belong to neither country .	27	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
In some states , a divide has emerged between poorer areas that continue to use paperless touch - screen systems and wealthier areas that have bought new optical scan systems that process paper ballots , which many experts say are a better way to ensure accurate elections .	25	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Meanwhile , a French judge deferred a ruling on a government plan to demolish part of a refugee and migrant camp in Calais near the entrance to the Channel tunnel .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
( That “ blockade ” was , in reality , a policy whereby Israel insisted on examining all imports passing through Gaza , so as to prevent the ruling Hamas government , which has sworn its permanent allegiance to the destruction of Israel and the genocide of Jews , from importing weaponry from abroad ) .	50	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Bundles of up to fifty pounds typically arrive “ in a dizzying array of crappy suitcases ” smuggled across borders , Wiley told me , while large loads demand more intricate planning .	17	movement.transportartifact.hide
And he can appoint an unlimited number of new one- or two - star generals , waiving promotion requirements and legal limits on the number of officers .	3	personnel.startposition.hiring
The director of HRW 's arms division Steve Goose called on the Syrian and Russian governments to “ immediately stop attacking civilian areas with incendiary weapons ” and called on all countries to condemn their use .	20	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Mobile phones are already prohibited in cabinet meetings in the UK , and extending the injunction to smartwatches is logical .	15	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In 1984 , the political scientist Michael Krukones tabulated the campaign pledges of all the Presidents from Woodrow Wilson to Jimmy Carter and found that they achieved seventy - three per cent of what they promised .	35	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Hillary Clinton , who already has the blood of so many on her hands , is now announcing that she is willing to put each and every one of our lives in harm 's way .	32	life.injure.n/a
But people from the city , who have had themselves smuggled across the border to Syria and then to Kurdish - controlled territory known as Rojava in the past two months , all confirm that living conditions have deteriorated sharply .	10	movement.transportartifact.hide
Officially , Manafort advised Akhmetov in 2005 on a corporate communication strategy for one of his companies , System Capital Management .	3	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder joined with the French in refusing to sanction the use of force .	11	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over war - torn eastern Ukraine on July 17 2014 by a BUK surface - to - air missile , killing all 298 onboard , air crash investigators said last October .	26	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
I think she should resign , period .	4	personnel.endposition.quitretire
But Abdulrahman said the coalition strikes clearly coincided with fighting this week between Kurdish troops and Islamic State in Hasakah governorate .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
Ditto for the provision in Trump ’s proposal to establish a “ Commission on Radical Islam to identify and explain to the American public the core convictions and beliefs of Radical Islam . ” ( By the way , a decade ago , Trump called for a quick pullout of US troops from Iraq , saying he did n’t care if this would lead to an increase in bloodshed and terrorism . )	9	government.formation.startgpe
A Malaysian air crash investigator inspects the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 , near the village of Hrabove ( Grabovo ) , Donetsk region July 22 , 2014 .	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Few seem aware that the bikini swimsuit was named to celebrate the nuclear explosions that destroyed Bikini island .	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Comey on Tuesday rejected criminal charges against Clinton or her aides , but he laid out a damning litany of violations , including the transmission of classified information through her private , unsecured email server .	5	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
The European Commission will propose this month granting visa - free travel to Ukrainians despite a Dutch referendum vote against an EU - Ukraine agreement partly motivated by hostility to migration , a senior EU source said .	7	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
In Hungary , with ‘ border hunters , ’ ” by Anthony Faiola : “ During a recruiting fair at a police proving ground here , a gaggle of teenagers ogled a display of machine guns , batons and riot gear .	17	personnel.startposition.hiring
A Syrian military source said the army had captured several important positions on Sheikh Saeed 's hilltop , but rebels said later those gains had been reversed and that insurgents still held the area .	8	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The week - old attempt at a ceasefire , negotiated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , could be the final attempt by U.S. President Barack Obama to negotiate an end to Syria 's civil war .	35	contact.discussion.correspondence
If not , then by means of trans - vaginal ultrasounds , pointless enforced waiting periods , targeted domestic and professional harassment , and the real threat of jail if anything goes wrong .	28	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
" It is advisable that you recommend to the army not to follow Bakhtiar , " wrote Khomeini in his " first first - person " message on 27 January .	6	contact.requestadvise.meet
The billionaire began Monday by firing his campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , and ended it with the release of dismal fundraising numbers .	5	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Trump Jr. is apparently learning from his father , as making ill - advised comments and then later characterizing them as jokes is something Trump Sr . has repeatedly done .	13	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
However , she also complained that Band had agitated her father by pressing to preserve Teneo ’s ties , including in a phone call on the day Hillary Clinton ’s mother , Dorothy Rodham , passed away .	35	life.die.nonviolentdeath
As Washington threatens to walk away from talks with Russia on Syria unless the fighting stops , Britain 's U.N.	2	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
It 's unclear whether the server itself was , but some conservatives have argued that Clinton could have been prosecuted for perjury were it determined that she misled Congress on that matter or her handling of the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi , Libya .	27	contact.prevarication.meet
It is no coincidence that the G20 country where she received most support was Mexico , which Mr. Trump has widely assailed as part of his incredible proposal to build a border wall .	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Mexico , Japan , South Korea and India also urged nationals not to travel to Turkey , while countries including Malaysia , Australia and New Zealand urged citizens in Turkey to be vigilant , stay indoors and keep tabs on local media .	26	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Unlike their Babylonian and Canaanite contemporaries , they did not try to hurl ego against ego to see who was left standing .	12	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The NSA likely would n’t be able to reveal evidence of Russian involvement without also disclosing the specifics of their surveillance capabilities .	20	government.spy.spy
Comey said investigators had looked at the posts , and he noted that nothing was deleted after the FBI began investigating .	20	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Israeli archaeologists found the site of a fierce battle where the Roman army bombarded and breached the walls of Jerusalem before conquering the city and destroying the Second Temple almost 2,000 years ago , officials said Thursday .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But like he said in a statement last week , Ryan reiterated that the U.S. will stand with its close ally as it negotiates an exit from the EU .	23	contact.discussion.n/a
There were myriad provocations , red lines were violated , airspace was infringed upon and a plane was shot down .	18	conflict.attack.n/a
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Reporters Maureen Feighan and Jonathan Oosting discuss the final two days of the Democratic National Convention	14	contact.discussion.correspondence
So you ’re not doing a one - term pledge ?	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
In the north , we protected the Kurds -- in the south , we were not intervening while the Shia were slaughtered and gassed by Saddam Hussein .	21	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Top of Turkey ’s agenda will be demands for the extradition from Pennsylvania of Fethullah Gülen , a cleric and friend - turned - foe of Erdoğan whose return to Turkey to face charges has become a litmus test for improving US - Turkey ties .	10	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Image copyright PA Image caption Some Russia supporters had smuggled in flares which they set off at the end of the match	9	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Sater had served prison time for slashing a man ’s face in a 1991 Manhattan brawl—“He got into trouble because he got into a barroom fight which a lot of people do , ” Trump once said in a court deposition — and in 1998 was convicted for fraud over associations with White Rock Partners , a Mafia - connected New York stock brokerage .	46	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Donald Trump has denigrated Mexicans and Muslims , threatened to break international prohibitions on torture and shown a shocking disregard for the importance of a free press .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
… Trump , more than most , needs to surround himself with people who compensate for his alarming weaknesses .	14	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
He had just sacked his cabinet , and many people expected him to announce liberalizing reforms .	3	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Ammar Abdullah / Reuters Men inspect the wreckage of a Russian helicopter that was shot down north of Syria 's rebel - held Idlib province .	5	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Vladimir Zhirinovsky , a flamboyant veteran lawmaker known for his fiery rhetoric , told Reuters in an interview that Trump was the only person able to de - escalate dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington .	17	contact.discussion.meet
The sharp split in the Republican Party raises the question of whom Mr. Trump will turn to for institutional memory if he is elected .	23	personnel.elect.winelection
In April 2001 , an intercept of a U.S. spy plane by a Chinese fighter jet resulted in a collision that killed the Chinese pilot and forced the American plane to make an emergency landing at a base on Hainan .	19	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
The Southeast Asian nation is well - known on the world stage as being among the worst actors in terms of human trafficking and slave labor .	22	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
The private sector in Turkey imports 10 billion cubic meters ( bcm ) of natural gas per year , representing over 30 percent of Russia 's gas exports to Turkey .	5	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Similarly in Florida , since 2012 , there 's been a 300,000 vote change in registration towards the Republicans and away from the Democrats , in a state that Barack Obama won by 94,000 votes last time around .	34	government.vote.castvote
We seem to always be the one that pays the bill and gets the least .	8	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The bureau is investigating hacking attacks on at least two state election boards , one of which resulted in data being stolen , according to an Aug. 18 alert from the agency ’s cyber division .	3	justice.investigate.n/a
The truth is , though , that while oil imports from Venezuela represent only about 9 % of American needs , the United States remains the biggest buyer of Venezuelan oil exports .	9	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
Face to face with the parents of CIA commandos who were killed in Benghazi while protecting Ambassador Chris Stevens , Clinton lied .	21	contact.prevarication.n/a
Bruno has said that record of consistency should count for something in bidding battles against SpaceX , and that the layoffs ULA announced in April are part of a bid to become more competitive .	20	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
" The Syrian regime continues to resort to all means to prolong its grip on power , keeps employing all instruments of force and violence available to itself , be it chemical weapons , barrel bombs , ballistic missiles , targeted killings , arbitrary detentions , torture , systematic abuse , starvation and forced displacement , " Çevik added .	46	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The TJN is urging Cameron to push for agreement on a series of issues at anti - corruption summit on Thursday , including a tougher crackdown on the banks , lawyers and other professionals who facilitate financial secrecy and an obligation on all politicians to make their personal financial situation transparent .	3	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
IOC president Thomas Bach will host a telephone conference call to decide on " provisional measures and sanctions " .	7	contact.collaborate.correspondence
In early October , island building was completed and the Chinese began building infrastructure including three 9,800-foot runways , communications , and surveillance gear .	22	government.spy.spy
The WTO was created in 1994 , as a successor to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade that governed global trade for nearly 50 years after World War II .	3	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
On the front page of today 's Wall Street Journal : " PayPal co - founder Peter Thiel , who spoke in support of the Republican nominee in Cleveland last month and previously donated $ 2 million to Carly Fiorina 's campaign , said he has no plans to donate or raise money for Trump .	49	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Both groups are now skirmishing as they close in on Aleppo .	4	conflict.attack.n/a
Ties between Turkey and Germany - vital partners in efforts to curb mass migration to Europe - have been strained since Germany passed a resolution in June branding the 1915 massacre of Armenians by Ottoman forces as genocide .	30	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
This time , an estimated 50,000 civilians remain trapped and besieged , facing starvation .	13	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
A man holds a model of an empty refrigerator to protest food shortages in Caracas , Venezuela , on May 14 , 2016 .	10	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
Firing Lewandowski = big move by @realDonaldTrump 2 overhaul campaign .	0	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Here are six takeaways from the final Democratic debate before the first votes are cast in Iowa and New Hampshire :	8	contact.discussion.n/a
35 340 Istanbul January 12 , 2016 Suicide bomber detonates in the city 's tourist - heavy historical centre	9	conflict.attack.bombing
“ It is absolutely disgraceful that the Trump campaign is cheering on a release today engineered by Vladimir Putin to interfere in this election , and this comes after Donald Trump encouraged more espionage over the summer and continued to deny the hack even happened at Sunday ’s debate , ” Glen Caplin , a spokesperson for the Clinton campaign , said in a statement Monday .	23	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
But Clinton ’s continuing centrism on foreign policy should n’t obscure what she ’s proposing on domestic policy .	14	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Engelmayer said the SEC “ has developed compelling evidence that Kapur possesses and has access to significant assets ” and ordered that he be “ incarcerated until he purges the contempt . ” Kapur is locked up in a federal detention center in Brooklyn .	25	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
As WND recently reported , Hillary received funds from an arm of the Iranian government and hired a convicted Iranian - American multimillionaire with ties to Tehran as her national campaign finance director in 2008 .	16	personnel.startposition.hiring
( The release of the stolen data by WikiLeaks has already caused discord in the Democratic Party on the eve of its convention in Philadelphia ; over the weekend , the chair of the DNC , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , resigned from her post . )	40	personnel.endposition.quitretire
In light of that , the Russian Foreign Ministry issued a warning to Russians abroad about possible “ provocations , ” urging them to exercise caution .	21	contact.requestadvise.meet
The new president will be inaugurated on 20 January 2017	5	government.formation.startgpe
But he ’d grown increasingly reckless in his power struggles … And he ’d already told associates more than once in the past few months that he was on the verge of quitting .	32	personnel.endposition.n/a
“ The revelation came as police on Friday continued to investigate the motive behind the killing of the British lawmaker , Jo Cox , who was stabbed and shot midday Thursday in an attack that stunned the nation and led to a suspension of the European Union referendum campaign just a week before the vote .	26	conflict.attack.stabbing
Michael Dukakis was ready to talk about his opposition to the death penalty , for example , but he was not ready for Bernard Shaw to ask whether he ’d favor the death penalty for a man who raped and murdered his wife .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
We worked together in enacting the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , which was the first bill signed into law by President Obama .	17	government.legislate.legislate
The strike that destroyed the fortified strong point also eliminated two armored vehicles parked nearby .	1	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
His trial showed that he had also arranged for money to be smuggled in private cars from Iraq into Jordan and had been involved in selling Jordanian citizenship to Iraqi businessmen .	12	movement.transportartifact.hide
Then , his famous 2007 « troop surge in Iraq » utterly failed to produce peace and to end the sectarian war the US and its allies had generated by their thoroughly counter - productive and shameful invasion against a nation that ( like Libya ) had n’t invaded nor threatened to invade the United States – nor its allies .	48	conflict.attack.n/a
Hillary should be declared unfit because she lies continuously , committed perjury , has taken kickbacks throughout her public life , tried to destroy women and any other people who got in her way , violated multiple security laws and other laws , and left Americans to die .	47	life.die.n/a
" One was by passing and championing this landmark three strikes legislation , which actually incarcerated more Black people than any other time in history , right , " she continued .	15	movement.transportperson.preventexit
I could n’t risk going to trial and losing because I would have had to leave The West Wing , and that contract came before the demonstration .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
People search for victims at the scene of the airstrikes .	9	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Democrats are asking the court to extend the consent decree for another eight years , and to bar the RNC from conducting “ voter intimidation with the Trump campaign and its associates . ”	23	government.vote.n/a
Another day without a nuclear holocaust .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
And $ 948 million of that was not for refugees , but for unaccompanied minors who immigrate to the U.S. illegally .	16	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
In the Travelgate scandal , the staff of the White House travel office was fired to make way for Clinton cronies , including Bill ’s 25-year - old cousin , who was reportedly promised the position of office director .	33	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
" A policy of guilt by association applies , meaning that the relatives of Christians are also detained regardless of whether they share the Christian belief , " the report says .	17	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Israeli authorities regularly demolish homes built by Palestinians in Area C , arguing they are built illegally without permits and outside areas zoned for Palestinian building .	5	manufacture.artifact.n/a
His body was found decapitated in a forest outside Kiev .	4	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The U.S. intelligence community has been observing the shipment of the SA-23 inside Russia in recent weeks , according to one official .	8	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
If the rebels capture it , they would simultaneously cut off regime forces and open up a new road for their own besieged forces in the city 's east .	3	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
A Member of the Syrian Civil Defence , known as the White Helmets , evacuates a child following reported government shelling	14	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Some city mayors are warning the boycott could spread .	6	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Bloomberg via Getty Images Donald Trump roamed the stage as Hillary Clinton spoke Sunday .	6	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Dr. Stein also urged Obama to listen to the testimony of the survivors of the nuclear attack , who have dedicated their lives to the elimination of nuclear weapons so that no one else should ever experience the hell on earth they survived .	3	contact.commandorder.broadcast
But Fred Trump made out many other loans to his son until his death in 1999 , including a $ 70 million construction loan for the Grand Hyatt and a $ 3.5 million casino chip loan to bail out Trump ’s struggling gaming empire , the Washington Post Fact - Checker reported .	35	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Trump has said that he may end sanctions against Russia , that he would n’t necessarily defend the Baltic states or other NATO members in the event of an attack , and that he was certain that Putin “ is not gon na go into Ukraine , all right ?	7	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Congress only declared war against Germany because President Wilson informed Congress that a German submarine had sunk the S.S. Sussex in the English Channel in violation of international law and that United States citizens aboard the S.S. Sussex had perished with the ship .	39	life.die.n/a
Russia lawmakers are to debate a bill which would see those found guilty of insulting the Russian president imprisoned for up to six years .	18	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Any lie and any materially misleading statement -- and she is prone to both -- made to the FBI can form the basis for an independent criminal charge against her .	5	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Chinese leader Xi Jinping has told the PLA to prepare to “ fight and win ” battles , and the Pentagon said the slogan is an indication Chinese leaders are concerned the military , which has not fought a war in more than 30 years , may not fare well in modern combat .	52	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Cellphone footage shows the therapist laying on the ground with his hands in the air , trying to soothe his patient seconds before he is shot .	25	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
“ As the daughter of a leader who was assassinated , I find # Trump ’s comments distasteful , disturbing , dangerous , ” tweeted Bernice King , daughter of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. “ His words do n’t # LiveUp .	9	life.die.n/a
Russia said the call for an investigation was an attempt to distract from the failure of a U.S.-Russia brokered ceasefire , according to Tass news agency .	19	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
In March of this year , terrorists detonated a bomb in the Brussels airport , killing 32 and injuring 340 .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
Mogilevich was once on the FBI ’s top 10 most wanted list , has an Interpol Red Notice out for his arrest , and the FBI says publicly he is " involved in weapons trafficking , contract murders , extortion , drug trafficking , and prostitution on an international scale . "	42	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
He said that he was urged to think of his fight against " Crooked Hillary " instead , and that he was advised " do n't punch down . "	22	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Jeffrey Sterling was not permitted to testify in the trial on his own behalf because he would have had to discuss Operation Merlin , which was and is still classified .	9	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
On January 27 , International Holocaust Memorial Day , when Groysman was the chairman of the Verkhovna Rada , the parliament , he asked other lawmakers to stand for a minute ’s silence in honor of the victims of the Jewish genocide .	41	life.die.n/a
The aggressions are not , surely , but it grows more difficult to aggress , and when we do it is defensive in character now , if this is not too much a paradox .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
The document was scheduled to be forwarded over to Clinton over State ’s secured network , but the secure fax machine appears to have been broken .	19	contact.collaborate.n/a
Deripaska once was denied entry to the United States because of alleged mafia ties , current and former officials told NBC News .	3	movement.transportperson.prevententry
WUHAN , April 6 ( Xinhua ) -- A direct freight train linking Wuhan in central China and Lyons in France began operation on Wednesday .	10	movement.transportartifact.fall
Comey announced on Tuesday that while Clinton and her aides were " extremely careless " in handling classified data , the FBI would not recommend charges against her over her .	24	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Therefore , fighters of the Islamic State must either retreat while time is due or face persistent airstrikes of the Russian Airforce as well as seasoned government troops .	9	conflict.yield.retreat
Lavrov noted the " refusal by an array of illegal armed groups to join the cease - fire , " and Washington 's obligation to " separate units of the moderate opposition from terrorist groupings , " according to a Foreign Ministry statement . Under the cease - fire agreement , the U.S. and Russia would work together to target the Fatah al - Sham Front , as well as IS , while Assad 's forces refrain from striking opposition - held areas . But Washington has warned Russia that unless aid is delivered to Aleppo , it will not move ahead with the formation of the joint coordination center . The U.N. has accused Assad 's government of obstructing aid access to the contested city .	119	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Ar - Raqqah is the self - proclaimed capital of the Islamic State and as such , its loss will prove an intolerable blow to the moral of ISIS fighters across the Middle East .	7	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The violence , albeit at a much lower intensity , continues ; elections have n't been held in the breakaway eastern regions , Kiev has not granted them special status , and both sides accuse each other of using heavy weaponry meant to have been withdrawn .	45	conflict.yield.retreat
" We ’re constantly sending our ships , sending our planes , doing our war games — we ’re reimbursed a fraction of what this is all costing . "	19	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In political terms , a bigger danger to Clinton may be the counterintelligence question : Did spies from China , Russia or some other country penetrate her server ?	16	government.spy.spy
In the complaint , the consumer groups ( Codacons , Movimento Difesa del Cittadino and Cittadinanzattiva ) allege that McDonald 's is violating European Union rules by abusing its position as a landlord by charging rents to franchisees with prices up to 10 times above market rates .	35	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
RUSSIAN President Vladimir Putin ’s personal chauffeur has been killed in Moscow after a Mercedes collided head - on with the presidential BMW .	15	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
" No kind of sanctions will ever work on us , because we 've lived under U.S. sanctions for more than half a century , " said Pyongyang resident Song Hyo Il .	4	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
The bombardment has been some of the worst in Syria 's five - year civil war , and follows the failure of a short - lived ceasefire brokered by Russia and the United States .	26	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
And the idea that a self - professed secular Jew could spearhead such a thing is rather wonderful .	7	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Given the roadblocks , residents of Cannon Ball are often forced to go more than 40 miles out of their way .	2	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
People who conduct religious missionary work — including preaching , praying and disseminating materials — in private residences can be fined up to $ 15,000 and may be deported under the new law .	8	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
-- The Post ’s Fact Checker gives Sen. Chris Murphy ( D - Conn . ) three Pinocchios for his claim that states with “ reasonable ” firearm limitations have less gun crimes and homicides : The data Murphy was referring to ( a 2013 National Journal chart ) calculates the number of gun - related deaths by including all gun deaths , including homicides , suicides , accidental gun deaths and legal intervention involving firearms , Glenn Kessler explains .	64	life.die.n/a
What if the FBI recommends indicting Hillary over the email scandal -- my law enforcement sources tell me this is a very real possibility .	4	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Trump described urban crime in near - apocalyptic terms , singling out Chicago as resembling a “ war - torn country . ” As he has on the campaign trail , he argued that his focus on crime should appeal to African - Americans , who he said are disproportionately affected by the violence .	19	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Live coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan MORE will score a moral victory in New York ’s Democratic primary if he can limit Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ?	16	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
So her statements about the FBI not calling her or the campaign were profoundly misleading , and the FBI knows that .	14	contact.prevarication.meet
While a senior NATO military official carefully said , “ I have no information about ” arms coming into Libya , and another carefully said that no violation of the arms embargo “ has been reported , ” Zenko writes that “ Egypt and Qatar were shipping advanced weapons to rebel groups the whole time , with the blessing of the Obama administration . ”	31	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
While no foreign forces subsequently invaded the California coasts , it was most definitely not Ukrainian rifles , artillery , and blood which famously annihilated The Charge Of The Light Brigade at the Crimean city of Balaclava in 1854 ; they were Russians patriots defending the homeland from Turks , Europeans , and Brits .	24	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
As a result , the civilians injured from the indiscriminate shelling had to be transferred to the Syrian / Turkish border because the hospitals were no longer operational . ”	6	life.injure.n/a
The meeting with Poroshenko is a signal to Russian President Vladimir Putin , who has invaded Ukraine , of Clinton 's pledge to be tough on Moscow if elected .	15	conflict.attack.invade
Kerry said he was concerned by reports the Syrian government was creating obstacles for the delivery of humanitarian aid and hoped it would stop its officials and troops from taking medicine or other supplies from the shipments .	36	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
In the U.S. , she built a successful tour - guide business using a fax machine she kept under her bed , all while raising three kids as a single mom .	14	contact.collaborate.n/a
In the complaint , Larry Klayman , an attorney for the families , wrote : ' During her campaign for President , Defendant Clinton has negligently , recklessly , and/or maliciously defamed Plaintiffs by either directly calling them liars , or by strongly implying that they are liars , in order to protect and enhance her public image and intimidate and emotionally harm and silence them not to speak up about the Benghazi attack on at least four separate occasions . '	59	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
After all , they ’re providing aid to your enemies .	5	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Wasserman Schultz will not be part of the major evening speaking program as of now , though she and her aides are still negotiating that out , according to Democratic Party sources .	23	contact.negotiate.meet
Russian president Vladimir Putin has met with European Jewish leaders to discuss their concerns over rising anti - Semitism on the continent .	5	contact.collaborate.meet
As the regime and Russia bombard Aleppo Province , the battlefield there has become even more chaotic .	5	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
One party source told The Hill that Priebus is “ furious ” with Trump for spending the last few days publicly feuding with the Muslim parents of a slain U.S. soldier and for declining to endorse Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE 's ( R - Wis . ) reelection bid .	28	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The corpse of 17-year - old Stefania Dubrovina was found mutilated beyond recognition with her eyes gouged out and ears hacked off .	16	conflict.attack.n/a
In May , ISIL took Palmyra in a matter of days and later demolished some of its best - known monuments .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
A final report on the hack “ recommended that Trump adopt additional security precautions including “ two - factor authentication ” for remote access to the THC network .	7	contact.requestadvise.meet
Since the Spring of 2014 , Russia has carried out a policy of repression against all opponents of annexation ; has severely curtailed all rights and freedoms and imprisoned people on politically motivated charges .	28	movement.transportperson.preventexit
U.S. authorities also arrested and indicted two of Maduro 's family members for drug trafficking late last year .	14	movement.transportartifact.n/a
But like the troops he commands , he is growing exasperated by the daily skirmishes that do n't bring the end of the war any closer .	14	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
A little bit of emailing around produced the following list .	6	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
If the leaders of the Republican Party continue to support this hateful , lying demagogue , it will rightfully be pushed into irrelevance as these children grow up and America ’s old , white racists die off .	35	life.die.n/a
Syrian government forces gather in the largely deserted Palestinian refugee camp of Handarat , north of Aleppo , on September 24 , 2016 after they captured the area following multiple Russian airstrikes .	25	movement.transportperson.n/a
But he 's in jail now nonetheless .	4	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Shaaban accused the so - called “ opposition ” of rejecting dialogue with the Syrian government because its members are tied to foreign agendas , noting that on the other hand , agreements were reached with armed groups more than once because these groups “ have more independence than those who were entrusted with holding dialogue in Geneva . ”	55	contact.discussion.meet
How tough he is with Russia in the meantime they took over Crimea .	10	government.formation.mergegpe
The Primorsky Safari Park obtained the animal from a farmer in Sochi who had named it after the U.S. president .	4	transaction.transferownership.n/a
An estimated 5 million Syrians refugees have fled the country during the past six years of war while more than 400,000 Syrians have been killed .	7	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
In Serbia , which could remain part of the migrant path if flows pick up from Albania , Bulgaria or Romania , the border closings have already revived old smuggling networks after years of police clampdowns .	29	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
According to the Major Cities Chiefs Assn . , there have been certain cities that have seen jumps in homicides in 2016 compared with 2015 , such as Chicago and Los Angeles , but other cities have seen a decline in homicides in the same period , such as Houston and New York City .	41	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
He said that countries who provide aid to Palestine , including the United States , are " complicit " in inciting terrorism because the Palestinian Authority uses foreign donations to subsidize terrorists and their families .	5	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The political Establishment may be battered and demoralized , deferential to the algorithms of the web and to the monosyllables of a gifted demagogue , but this is not the time to give up on America ’s near - unique and stabilizing blend of democracy and elite responsibility .	5	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
In an interview posted on YouTube on July 27 , Assange contends the next “ batches of postings ” will get Hillary Clinton arrested .	23	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The choices did not include the campaign ’s explanation — dehydration and pneumonia — but did include three made - up ones : Parkinson ’s , multiple sclerosis , and , somewhat cryptically , “ Allergies and personality . ”	10	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Just as Hillary Clinton , in her poor first segment of last week ’s debate , used “ Trumped - up trickle down , ” Kaine inexplicably had his own : referring to Pence as Trump ’s “ apprentice”—just like the teevee show!—and an unclever contrast between Trump as the “ you ’re fired ” president and Clinton as the “ you ’re hired ” president .	63	personnel.startposition.hiring
Someone once smuggled a sandwich into space , which is a horrible idea	2	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
No social conservative faction was strong enough on its own to win an election , not after Voting Rights , but together , under a strategically planned big tent , the social conservatives and establishment conservatives could create a siren - like Frankenstein ’s monster to push for free - enterprise ( classically liberal and Gilded Age business interest ) and socially conservative values against the progressive state an increasingly progressive Democratic Party ( the reference to Frankenstein is a political metaphor made , not an insult ) .	17	government.vote.castvote
On 17 June 2014 , this report notes , while on Federation soil and in the possession of ( legal ) Russian identity documents , Nadiya Savchenko used her cellular phone to secretly adjust mortar fire from her Aidar Battalion terrorist allies in Ukraine onto a militia roadblock in the vicinity of Metallist village in the self - proclaimed Luhansk People ’s Republic ( LPR ) killing Russian television reporter Vladimirovich Kornelyuk and his sound engineer Anton Voloshin .	47	movement.transportperson.prevententry
" If we determine that we did indeed strike Syrian military personnel , that was not our intention and we , of course , regret the loss of life . "	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
So where does a cash - poor billionaire go when they need a quick payday loan ?	15	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
She touted the bipartisan nature of the meeting and vowed to work across the aisle as president to tackle national security challenges .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Hide Caption 4 of 25 Photos : The second presidential debate The event in St. Louis was the second of three scheduled debates .	10	contact.discussion.correspondence
The brutality of July 15 , in which rogue soldiers commandeered fighter jets , helicopters and tanks , shocked a nation that last saw a violent military power grab in 1980 .	10	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The panel in The Hague , Netherlands , dismissed China ’s attempt to create legal rights for features in the Spratly Islands chain by constructing air strips and bases there .	24	manufacture.artifact.n/a
I know that the Department of Defense , including General Votel , the newly installed commander of Central Command , has been in touch with senior officials at MSF to discuss the report .	30	contact.discussion.meet
What about setting up journalists and imprisoning them and killing them is leadership ?	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
That includes the leaders of the “ religious right”—the self - proclaimed defenders of the Christian faith and of old - fashioned family values , who have decided to fully back the thrice - married Lothario whose mantra is that women should be “ treated like shit , ” in the hopes that he will appoint anti - gay marriage , anti - abortion Puritans to the Supreme Court .	11	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
He was charged with battery Tuesday for allegedly grabbing the arm of a former Breitbart reporter , Michelle Fields , in an incident captured on tape .	2	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
& ldquo ; I do not plan to keep instructions from any formally chosen , “ qualified prospect , & rdquo ; James Clapper , the director of nationwide intelligence , composed to Speaker of your home Paul Ryan ( R - Wis . ) in a letter dated July 11 .	31	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
The Kremlin Saturday slammed Washington ’s plans for a retaliatory cyberattack against Russia , vowing to protect itself from Uncle Sam ’s “ unpredictably and aggressiveness . ”	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
In its ruling of May 30 , 2012 , the seven - member panel of judges held that the EAW was valid , and as a result Assange now may be extradited to Sweden to face allegations of sexual assault .	31	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
President Abdel - Fattah al - Sisi said the Russian leader pledged to directly intervene in the crisis and hold talks between Benjamin Netanyahu and Mahmoud Abbas in Moscow in the near future , with Mr al - Sisi also present .	11	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
We urge voters to dump Trump and choose the clearly qualified candidate in this race : Hillary Clinton .	1	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Ms. DeMoro , of the nurses ’ union , expressed outrage over an email sent to Mr. Podesta by Randi Weingarten , the president of the American Federation of Teachers , who vowed to combat the nurses ’ “ high and mighty sanctimonious conduct . ” ( Mr. Podesta replied , “ Thanks . ” )	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Aussie Paralympian Liesl Tesch experienced Rio ’s dangerous underbelly first hand in June when her and her physio were robbed by two men , one of whom was armed with a gun .	19	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
According to the Air Force , examples include six consecutive years of cuts that would reduce the number of F-35 combat squadrons by 50 % by 2028 , the divestment of 3,000 aircraft and 200,000 Airmen since Operation Desert Storm , and a reduction of $ 24 billion in funding for precision attack weapons — about 45 % less weapons capacity .	49	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
The Donbass Commission , or de facto government of the Russian - occupied areas in eastern Ukraine , was established in December 2014 .	19	government.formation.n/a
If Iran were to reach the threshold of a nuclear weapons state , Tehran would find it much easier to call on its allies in Syria and Hezbollah to strike Israel , knowing that its nuclear weapons would serve as a deterrent to Israel responding against Iran itself .	29	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
In an internal memo obtained by Fox News on Friday , Comey explained to staffers he chose to break with normal procedure because he felt " an obligation " to tell Congress because he recently testified that the investigation had ended and that he recommended no charges be brought against the former secretary of state .	4	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The movement stuffed with people who believe that sex is dirty and women who have it willingly should pay the price .	18	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Last week , the State Department ’s internal audit found Clinton guilty of violating federal protocols , with Inspector General Steve Linick noting that Clinton had never sought approval for her contentious private server , something that directly contradicted her oft - used “ convenience ” argument .	13	government.agreements.violateagreement
At the entrance to Madaya , Abu Shadi said , pro - Assad fighters have hung a sign proclaiming “ Kneel or starve , ” a slogan intended to capture the stark choice confronting rebels in the besieged communities .	18	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
" Hitler massacred 3 million Jews .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
January 8 , 2016 -- A man identified as Edward Archer is arrested after a Philadelphia police officer is shot and wounded .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The fallout from the episode raised questions about whether the US word on its security guarantees elsewhere -- for example with treaty allies in Europe and Asia -- was as absolute as many nations had assumed .	21	government.agreements.n/a
Dr Al - Awad has worked at east Aleppo ’s Al Quds hospital , which - like many of the area ’s remaining medical facilities - now operates from an undisclosed location to shield it from bombing after the original site was destroyed by an air strike in April 2016 .	36	conflict.attack.bombing
People inspect a damaged site after airstrikes on the rebel held Sheikh Fares neighborhood of Aleppo , Syria , on Saturday .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Ars described the incident and the record - breaking data assault that brought it on as “ a troubling new chapter in the short history of the Internet . ” In recent weeks , security experts have uncovered botnets made up of network - connected cameras and other “ Internet of Things ” devices capable of bombarding a target with more than a terabit per second of junk traffic .	56	conflict.attack.n/a
Chief among the enemies is the Islamic Republic of Iran , which Obama - Clinton empowered by lifting sanctions , thawing frozen assets , and ignoring Iran ’s support of violent terrorism .	30	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
" We confirm our categorical objections to the extradition of the Russians to the USA .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
“ There was a lot of complaining about Dodd - Frank , but there was also a need to do something because for political reasons , if you were an elected member of Congress and people in your constituency were losing jobs and shutting businesses and everybody in the press is saying it ’s all the fault of Wall Street , you ca n’t sit idly by and do nothing , ” Clinton said in the New York speech .	30	personnel.elect.n/a
We want make sure Wealthy Elite recognizes the danger cyber weapons , this message , our auction , poses to their wealth and control . "	16	transaction.transferownership.purchase
7/10 Palestinians look on after a protester is shot by Israelis soldiers during clashes at the Howara checkpoint near the West Bank city of Nablus EPA	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Pence also said that " what America ought to do right now is to immediately establish safe zones " to protect Syrian refugees -- a departure from Trump , who has praised the idea of safe zones but put the burden on Middle Eastern countries to establish and maintain them .	46	government.formation.n/a
By the time Matt Storin retired from The Boston Globe after more than eight years as editor , there were four insiders with their eyes on his job .	5	personnel.endposition.n/a
The regime -- backed by Russian air power -- has intensified its airstrikes on Aleppo in recent days and appears to be deliberately targeting hospitals .	12	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
They can not just go home and let people die . '	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
I asked him why he thought Republican leaders in Washington continued to profess their support for Trump , even as they denounced his comments .	12	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
General Tommy Franks , who led the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , writes in his book that he was not only told by Egyptian and Jordanian leaders that Iraq possessed W.M.D.s , he was also told that Saddam would use them against invading American troops .	43	conflict.attack.invade
If the American presidential election winds up with Hillary Clinton vs. Donald Trump , and my passport is confiscated , and I ’m somehow FORCED to choose one or the other , or I ’m PAID to do so , paid well … I would vote for Trump .	18	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Clinton portrayed herself as a leading figure in slapping sanctions on Iran .	9	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Granted , it was a European country — Hungary — that inaugurated the idea of keeping out asylum - seekers by erecting , in record time , a three - and - a - half - metre - high fence along the border .	11	government.formation.startgpe
Voting for her lets us survive as a nation for four more years .	0	government.vote.castvote
Maybe the slide started with 9/11 , after which huge pluralities of people were suddenly OK with summary executions , torture , warrantless surveillance and the blithe disposal of concepts like habeas corpus .	20	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The boy suffered flue - like symptoms for about two weeks . This family of parasites is more common in Asia and the Pacific Islands and usually is contracted when people eat undercooked snails , but also undercooked crabs and freshwater shrimp . Katayama ’s Fever is another disease spread by snails in tropical countries .	45	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
When she expressed relief that someone with a temperament like his was not in charge of the law , he said , “ Because you ’d be in jail . ”	28	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
His secretary died of the same symptoms , apparently because the poison had been spread on an office telephone handset .	11	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
The plans under discussion likely include the appointment of Republicans to a number of key positions , including cabinet posts , as well as the nomination of a replacement on the Supreme Court for the deceased ultra - right Justice Antonin Scalia .	35	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Although no U.S. forces were in the area at the time of Thursday 's strikes , the U.S. military activated the emergency communications channels with Moscow to tell Russia to stop striking the area , the official said .	14	conflict.attack.bombing
The U.N. agency that provides aid to Palestinians reported that there were 297,500 Palestinians in Area C in 2014 .	4	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Having taken part in the civil war in Syria , he was captured by Kurdish forces last June and is now imprisoned .	21	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
• A reporter shouted a question about Gary Johnson , the libertarian candidate who appeared not to know what Aleppo , a war - torn Syrian city , was in an interview earlier in the day .	24	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Just to make this strange stew more pungent , along comes Michael Flynn , the retired Army general and Trump supporter , who reportedly was vetted by Trump as a potential running mate .	15	personnel.endposition.quitretire
A survivor of an air strike that hit two houses where civilians were sheltering in Ayn al - Khan , al - Hasaka governorate , on 7 December last year described being woken by a huge explosion .	5	life.injure.n/a
Aydin Dogan has proclaimed his innocence , and critics of the action have proclaimed that the indictment was a politically motivated attempt to crush the company that has served as a journalistic opponent of the government .	3	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
: Monica proceeds to drag her chair within inches of the Secretary --leaning in even further : Interview proceeds , and about midway .	17	contact.discussion.n/a
Citing the incidents where the cessation of hostilities agreement was violated in the past 24 hours , the Center said there were three breaches observed in Damascus province committed by the terrorist groups .	10	government.agreements.violateagreement
Vietnamese soldiers inspect a metal ball which landed in the northern province of Tuyen Quang ( AFP Photo/ )	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Instead , seven weeks later , at a military base called Camp Justice , Saddam was hanged while Shiite guards taunted him .	16	conflict.attack.hanging
The guy who hires the best people was implored by the people he hired to do this basic form of due diligence and he refused .	3	personnel.startposition.hiring
Last year , a New York court delivered an injunction against Sci - Hub , making its domain unavailable ( something Elbakyan dodged by switching to a new location ) , and the site is also being sued by Elsevier for " irreparable harm " - a case that experts are predicting will win Elsevier around $ 750 to $ 150,000 for each pirated article .	9	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Hide Caption 7 of 15 Photos : Gunmen attack Tunisian museum The museum is evacuated by authorities .	14	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
" Ivanov 's firing could be related to Putin 's desire not to have a powerful KGB / FSB general running the Kremlin when he is going to do something risky , " he said .	3	personnel.endposition.n/a
A majority of the dead came from two families wiped out in the airstrikes .	13	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Hillary Clinton , lying to the American people about her selfish , awful judgment : guilty or not guilty ? ”	15	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
America 's secretary of state John Kerry and Russia 's foreign minister Sergei Lavrov reached a deal last week that included allowing the delivery of humanitarian aid to starving civilian areas such as Aleppo .	28	life.injure.n/a
A furious England fan hurls a missile at his opponent while two flares continues to blaze behind him during violent clashes in Marseille	15	conflict.attack.setfire
Would it have mattered had they sort - of kinda suggested that they would ?	10	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Since 1973 , 156 who were convicted have been exonerated from the death row .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
“ The President [ Bush ] advised that … he probably would have said , ‘ Hooray , somebody ’s going to finally do something about this . ’ If he had learned that the Washington Times was planning to publish an article , he would have said , ‘ That ’s good , it ’s about time . ’ …	6	contact.requestadvise.meet
Trump responded to the latest attack on his foreign policy chops with a statement directly blaming both Clinton and President Barack Obama for " destabilizing the Middle East , having let ISIS take firm hold in Iraq , Libya and Syria , not to mention their allowing Americans to be slaughtered at Benghazi . "	50	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
If scientists confirm the explosion was due to a meteorite , it would be the first recorded human fatality due to a falling space rock .	18	life.die.n/a
Embed Do not pardon Edward Snowden , House panel urges Obama 0:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog	9	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
A President - elect Clinton could convene a meeting with the leaders of the Senate and House before even taking office , he said , and outline issues on which bipartisan agreement ought to be possible : infrastructure and reform of the Department of Veterans Affairs being two examples .	6	contact.discussion.meet
Thursday ’s skirmish represented the peak Twitter moment of the 2016 campaign so far .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
That requires Moscow to leverage its influence on pro - Kremlin separatists who still exchange fire - with often fatal results - on a regular basis with Ukrainian forces .	19	life.die.n/a
Also in the background are Israeli Premier Ehud Barak ( L ) and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat who signed the revised Wye River agreement .	23	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Trump at Chicago ’s Polish National Alliance credited Poland with staying “ up to date ” on its payments to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization .	18	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
In July , during the Republican convention , I pointed out here that Donald Trump ’s questioning whether he would come to the defense of Central and Eastern European countries if Russia attacked them – and Trump ’s changing the GOP platform to strip out the provision of defensive weapons to Ukraine – could cost him millions of once - solid Republican votes in key swing states like Ohio , Pennsylvania , Michigan and Florida .	62	government.legislate.legislate
7/19 A girl carrying a baby inspects damage in a site hit by what activists said were airstrikes carried out by the Russian air force in the town of Douma , eastern Ghouta in Damascus , Syria Reuters	6	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Of the two , Clinton is advocating a far more activist and adventurist and inherently risky foreign policy .	6	contact.requestadvise.meet
At long last , Donald Trump has left the Republican Party few options but to act decisively and get this political train wreck off the tracks before something terrible happens .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Moscow introduced new laws last year forcing Russian companies to import less from European companies in a bid to increase the amount of Russian - made drugs on the market from 30 percent to 50 percent by 2020 .	10	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
" Simply they are diverting attention from their attacks on civilians as a country already invading Syria , " the source told CNN .	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
He invoked a recent shooting of a Philadelphia police officer by a man who allegedly pledged allegiance to the Islamic State .	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trump called the distorted view of Islam that drives terrorism a “ hateful ideology ” that oppresses “ women , gays , children and non - believers . ” At times , he threatened to be “ vicious ” when combatting it .	33	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Like with immigration , it unlikely that Trump could actually implement his main policy pledge .	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
“ These finds allow us to understand that people were in the Arctic a really long time ago and they were migrating in the areas not too far from the Bering bridge area – which existed even 45,000 years ago , ” Dr Pitulko said .	21	movement.transportperson.n/a
But Curiel 's parents immigrated from Mexico and that , Trump stated , means the judge can not rule in the Trump University lawsuits fairly .	4	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Goodale was also not prepared Sunday to call out the army to join the over 600 firefighters from Alberta , Ontario , Quebec , Manitoba and New Brunswick who have been part of the effort to contain the blaze , the origins of which remain a mystery .	38	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Comey announced on Tuesday that while Clinton and her aides were " extremely careless " in handling classified data , the FBI would not recommend charges against her over her .	24	contact.requestadvise.meet
The U.S. hopes that tighter sanctions can force impoverished North Korea to return to long - stalled negotiations on providing aid in exchange for denuclearization , but there appears to be little prospect of their resumption because of Pyongyang 's determination to have nuclear weapons .	19	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Putin and Russia - friendly Assad have long described the Syrian conflict as a fight between a government and an irredeemably extreme foreign - funded opposition , rather than the product of millions of Syrians ' frustration with violent authoritarian rule .	24	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Not that I think he ’d be a failure as president — the job is mostly about appointing judges and filling bureaucracies with the right people , all of which I ’m sure he is capable of handling — but because Clinton is just better equipped for it .	17	personnel.startposition.hiring
Clinton 's server is also the subject of an FBI investigation , which has allowed her Republican opponents on the presidential campaign trail to raise the specter of possible indictment .	10	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Thamina Stoll , 22 , of Durham , North Carolina , who is in Munich on a summer internship , filmed people fleeing the shopping centre during the attacks from her grandmother 's apartment .	28	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Rachel Ehrenfeld , director of the American Center for Democracy , spelled out the problem with the Clinton Foundation receiving funds from the Alavi Foundation in a Jan. 5 , 2009 , article published by Forbes .	20	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
This is not the first time that Kurdish and government forces have clashed in Hasakah , which is divided among Kurds , Arabs , Aramaic - speaking Assyrians , and a small number of Armenians .	12	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
“ My mother has always been there for our family and brings the same commitment to all the families she represents in Congress , ” Caity says in the ad before listing Comstock ’s accomplishments on Congress on human trafficking , heroin and other issues .	39	movement.transportperson.n/a
Samuelson , Mills , and PRN searched Clinton ’s archives for emails used .mil and .gov , as well as the names of members of Congress , foreign leaders and other contacts , as well as keyword searches on terms like “ Afghanistan , ” “ Libya ” and “ Benghazi . ” To assemble the required emails , she used a Lenovo Yoga 2 laptop , but accidentally spilled water on it at one point and , worried that the laptop would fail , she purchased a second Lenovo laptop and copied the email files over to it .	86	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
“ Hillary believes it 's vital to deceive the people by having one public policy .	7	contact.prevarication.n/a
While the violent attacks and death threats are unnerving , the activist insists she has “ collaborated with the fear ” and is channeling it into something bigger .	2	life.injure.n/a
He had worked out a settlement in which they agreed that they would n’t cooperate with the district attorney , which sounds like obstruction of justice to , I think , anyone who read the story .	23	movement.transportartifact.n/a
" I assess Kadyrov 's move as incitement to murder a state or civil society leader , " Kasyanov , who is chairman of the opposition PARNAS party , told the Ekho Moskvy radio station .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
When the 1 percent was in charge , hundreds of thousands of people emigrated to avoid starvation .	16	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
While it is unclear if Mr. Surkov edited it personally , the changes that appear in the published letter suggest a deft eye for trimming and sharpening a text .	19	contact.requestadvise.n/a
OTTAWA – The Trudeau government has yet to respond to an offer by Russia to dispatch massive water bombers and fire fighting specialists to battle the growing inferno around Fort McMurray , Alta .	27	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
A review of recent federal cases by Fox News found that Guccifer ’s extradition appears to be an outlier .	13	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The women describe gruesome public executions with extremists shooting their victims , decapitating them and putting their heads on sticks and leaving their bodies in the road to be run over ( file picture )	12	life.die.n/a
Members of the local Muslim community gathered outside the restaurant this weekend to demand an apology for the alleged incident .	13	contact.commandorder.n/a
WARSAW , Poland ( AP ) — It is the last remaining relic of an ancient forest that stretched for millennia across the lowlands of Europe and Russia , a shadowy , mossy woodland where bison and lynx roam beneath towering oak trees up to 600 years old .	38	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Not a character trait that I would advise for somebody in the Oval Office , ” Obama said at a campaign event in Chicago .	7	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
It is little surprise , then , that many of Mr. Trump ’s most celebrated pronouncements and promises — to quickly and “ humanely ” expel 11 million illegal immigrants , to force Mexico to pay for the wall he will build on our southern border , to defeat the Islamic State “ very quickly ” while as a bonus taking its oil , to bar Muslims from immigrating to the United States — are nativistic pipe dreams and public relations stunts .	68	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
Russia , which has welcomed Mr. Trump ’s questioning of the NATO alliance and his professed willingness to work with President Vladimir Putin , may be one country where Mrs. Clinton is clearly not the first choice .	15	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Press Secretary Brian Fallon refers to a conversation he had with , quote , " DOJ folks " about legal proceedings surrounding the open records release of Clinton 's emails .	20	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
-- The Post ’s Fact Checker gives Sen. Chris Murphy ( D - Conn . ) three Pinocchios for his claim that states with “ reasonable ” firearm limitations have less gun crimes and homicides : The data Murphy was referring to ( a 2013 National Journal chart ) calculates the number of gun - related deaths by including all gun deaths , including homicides , suicides , accidental gun deaths and legal intervention involving firearms , Glenn Kessler explains .	64	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
My campaign is the only campaign that will be on the ballot that will abolish student debt .	14	government.legislate.legislate
Nattily dressed in a seersucker suit and red suspenders , he was roaming the bar of Cleveland 's Renaissance hotel , posing for fan photos .	12	movement.transportperson.n/a
" Imagine an internet run like many Middle Eastern countries that punish what they deem to be blasphemy , or imagine an internet run like China or Russia , [ which ] punish and incarcerate those who engage in political dissent . "	34	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
“ I will leave it to the psychiatrists to explain his affection for tyrants , ” Clinton said , referencing Trump ’s praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin and his suggestion that the massacre of civilians in Tiananmen Square by the Chinese government showed “ toughness . ”	33	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
WASHINGTON ― Donald Trump will bring Michael Flynn ― a former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency who was paid by a Russian state - funded television network to speak at its 10th - anniversary gala ― to his first national security briefing on Wednesday .	25	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
-- THE STAFFERS : “ Racism and talk of religious war : Trump staff 's online posts , ” by the AP 's Jeff Horwitz : “ Trump 's paid campaign staffers have declared on their personal social media accounts that Muslims are unfit to be U.S. citizens , ridiculed Mexican accents , called for John Kerry to be hanged and stated their readiness for a possible civil war , ” according an AP review of more than 50 current and former campaign employees .	59	conflict.attack.hanging
Russian fighter jet shot down by Turkey Turkish military official says fighter jets shot down ' Russian military plane ' after it violated country ’s airspace , which Russia denies .	22	government.agreements.violateagreement
The experts are studying a mass of tiny fragments retrieved from the crash site .	12	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Trump seemingly played into Democratic hands on Wednesday by praising Putin ’s leadership qualities and vowing that U.S. relations with Russia would improve if he is elected in November .	15	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
Flynn was chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Obama from 2012 to 2014 and has long advocated for a warmer relationship with Russia .	18	contact.requestadvise.meet
We both fight hard to win elections .	5	personnel.elect.winelection
Al - Masri tells the Egyptian army : “ We advise you to repent before we manage to find you .	10	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
When word spread of the massacre and destruction of Kessab on March 21 , 2014 the US Ambassador to the UN , Samantha Power , made a public statement , along with Victoria Nuland , that the US was concerned about the attack at Kessab , however those terrorists involved had no relationship with USA .	5	life.die.n/a
But since 2013 , when violent threats against gay activists in Tbilisi forced them to cancel a gay - pride parade in the Georgian capital , the slogan has appeared as spray - painted graffiti near Heroes Square in the city center alongside Nazi swastikas and racist slogans .	5	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The draft bill also mentions repeal of the so - called Magnitsky law and of sanctions against Russian regions , persons and companies introduced by the US over Ukrainian crisis , while also paying compensation for damages caused by them , including the damages caused by the counter - sanctions that Russia was forced to impose .	15	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The Erdogan regime has carried out a purge of civil servants suspected of ties to the movement , seized businesses and closed some media organizations .	18	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The airstrike on the village of Hassadjek in Syria ’s Aleppo province reportedly killed six civilians on Tuesday .	13	life.die.n/a
Or he can fax it .	3	contact.collaborate.n/a
And then Sergio [ Vieira ] de Mello , our U.N. fellow , [ the U.N. high commissioner for human rights and special representative of the secretary - general in Iraq ] , great guy , he was assassinated with this bomb .	38	life.die.n/a
China has welcomed the Philippines approaches , even as Duterte has vowed not to surrender any sovereignty to Beijing , which views the South China Sea Hague ruling as null and void .	11	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Chataev turned out to be long wanted by the Russian authorities for terrorism - related offenses but he fled to Europe , where he was granted asylum , and successfully managed to escape extradition to Russia .	33	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
-- Castile ’s mother noted that her son was killed just days before his birthday .	9	life.die.n/a
Trump suggests creating ' Muslim database ' ; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009	10	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
Videos appear to show starvation used as a weapon in Syrian town of Madaya	4	life.injure.n/a
PetroSaudi claimed that the $ 700 m had all gone to “ PetroSaudi - owned entities ” – denying , in other words , that companies controlled by Jho Low had received payments in the deal .	32	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
As he did in his call to a 911 operator during the massacre , Mateen pledged his allegiance on Facebook to the leader of the Islamic State and , in his final post , warned : " in the next few days you will see attacks from the Islamic state in the usa . "	15	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Since the 1980s , Trump and his family members have made numerous trips to Moscow in search of business opportunities , and they have relied on Russian investors to buy their properties around the world .	29	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Consideration of other alternatives , including the shipment of arms to U.S.-allied Kurdish forces in Syria , and an increase in the quantity and quality of weapons supplied to opposition fighters in Aleppo and elsewhere , were deferred until later , officials said .	7	movement.transportperson.n/a
Sure , the post - debate buzz is more about tone than substance — who looked more presidential , whether Hillary Clinton got “ under Donald Trump ’s skin . ” But in between the barbs and interruptions , there was plenty of policy to chew over in Monday ’s night ’s presidential debate .	53	contact.negotiate.meet
Terror investigation : The French authorities say it is their third terrorist atrocity in 18 months and admit it could take some time to identify all the dead	1	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Peace talks convened two years ago collapsed because the sides were unable to agree an agenda : Damascus wanted a focus on fighting terrorism , the term it uses for the rebellion , while the opposition wanted to discuss a transitional government .	2	contact.discussion.meet
Many of Trump 's GOP allies have been publicly apoplectic about his unorthodox ( some have argued virtually non - existent ) campaign , his contradictory statements regarding Russian President Vladimir Putin and his critical remarks about the Muslim - American parents of a slain Iraq War hero .	44	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
While Sanders will continue to campaign across the country -- including planned stops in West Virginia on Thursday -- pledging to fight until the convention , Clinton 's aides said this week that she will pursue a two - prong strategy for the coming weeks : Campaign in every upcoming primary while also making trips to general election battleground states .	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
The agency is what is known in Russia as a “ troll farm , ” a nickname given to outfits that operate armies of sock - puppet social - media accounts , in order to create the illusion of a rabid grass - roots movement .	35	manufacture.artifact.n/a
WASHINGTON : As if it was not already weird and wacky , the US Presidential election campaign descended into bizarre terrain on Tuesday with tattle about the use of a body double by Hillary Clinton , conjecture about Russia poisoning her , and more leaked emails , one of which had former Secretary of State Colin Powell calling Donald Trump a ' ' national disgrace . ' '	39	conflict.attack.n/a
The Islamic State group claimed slain shooter Omar Mateen was acting as ' one of the soldiers of the caliphate in America ' when he attacked the Pulse club in the Florida resort city , an assault that ended when police stormed the venue .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Obama said that the FBI is still investigating the origin of the hack , but he acknowledged that “ experts have attributed this to the Russians . ”	7	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Mr. Trump , in a written statement meant to respond directly to the president ’s remarks , called Mrs. Clinton “ unfit to serve in any government office . ” He also accused Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton of allowing Americans to be slaughtered in Benghazi , Libya ; letting veterans die waiting for medical care ; and releasing immigrants into the United States to kill innocent people .	51	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Vietnamese soldiers inspect a metal ball which landed in the northern province of Tuyen Quang ( AFP Photo/ )	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
" Terrorists get annihilated in Russia , " he told Reuters .	3	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In 2015 , Trump launched his own campaign for President with another racist lie .	13	contact.prevarication.correspondence
One Clinton - supporting blog – while also lying by claiming that “ she only criticized the US ” – attacked Stein for criticizing the U.S. while standing on dirty foreign soil ( “ with Red Square as her backdrop ” ) , a long - standing trope used by the Far Right to attack liberals and Democrats for being unpatriotic by virtue of criticizing the U.S. while outside its borders .	8	contact.prevarication.meet
Before a London donors ’ conference on Syria on 4 February that is seeking to raise $ 4bn , Hammond rounded on other EU members for not providing more urgently needed funds .	31	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The statute of limitations is five years , and if he gets elected in November , well .	12	personnel.elect.winelection
Below is our complete list of false and misleading claims uttered by both of them :	8	contact.prevarication.meet
It ’s not who ’s better among the compromise candidates , because those compromise candidates are all plunging us headlong over a cliff right now on climate change , on the expanding wars .	17	movement.transportartifact.fall
SR : Of course , anytime that you have an unpoliced society , and you begin the chaos , it ’s much easier - because the patrols are less likely - it ’s much easier for people to smuggle things in and out of places .	38	movement.transportperson.hide
But since then , Moscow 's foreign policy has become more assertive , leading to tensions with the United States and its allies over , among other issues , the conflicts in Ukraine and Syria , and the presence of NATO troops in eastern Europe .	30	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
But at the same time , you know , Hillary Clinton attacked single payer on the campaign trail this year as she was competing with Bernie Sanders , saying it will never , ever happen in the United States , kind of dismissing the idea , really sticking to the Affordable Care Act health reform system enacted by President Obama .	56	government.legislate.legislate
Did we know we were lying about the drugs ?	5	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Trump has paid an IRS penalty and reimbursed the foundation , his company said .	7	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
( CNN ) Regime airstrikes on a school complex in northwestern Syria killed at least 35 people , including 20 children , the Syria Civil Defense volunteer rescue group said , in what could be one of the deadliest strikes yet on a school in the nation 's five - year war , according to the UN .	4	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
9/10 Undercover Israeli soldiers detain a Palestinian in Ramallah Reuters	4	movement.transportperson.preventexit
“ Their nominee is out there praising a guy , saying he ’s a strong leader because he invades smaller countries , jails his opponents , controls the press and drives his economy into a long recession , ” Mr. Obama said .	22	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
“ I would recommend our colleagues in Washington to thoroughly consider the possible consequences of the realization of such plans , ” Konashenkov said , before listing the array of anti - air defences deployed in Syria and saying they would be used if Assad ’s or Russian forces were attacked .	3	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Whistleblower advocates howled that Petraeus received preferential treatment for distributing secrets without permission – a charge also hurled by some former government workers at Clinton , saying they would face career - ending consequences and perhaps jail time for putting classified records on a private and apparently unsecure email server .	36	movement.transportperson.n/a
Ann Corcoran , the author of the Refugee Resettlement Watch blog and the book “ Refugee Resettlement and the Hijra to America , ” said Olson ’s statement is reminiscent of Attorney General Loretta Lynch ’s warning the day after the San Bernardino jihad massacre in which Lynch said she would take “ aggressive action ” to prosecute “ anti - Muslim ” rhetoric that “ edges toward violence . ” Lynch was forced to walk back those comments after outrage from free speech advocates .	44	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In the camp at Idomeni , at the border with Macedonia , where more than 13,000 migrants have been stuck in muddy conditions after Macedonia sealed its border , talk of smuggling is everywhere .	31	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Months after the deal , Giustra reportedly donated $ 31.3 million to Clinton 's foundation .	7	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
" It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton .	9	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
who she accused of misleading the public .	4	contact.prevarication.n/a
A federal judge denied Democrats ’ request to issue an injunction against the Republican National Committee for violating a long - standing consent decree that bans the RNC from carrying out a range of poll - watching activities .	10	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
" When you talk about the mental health problems , when people come back from war and combat , they see things that maybe a lot of the folks in this room have seen many times over .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Clinton also faces the potential for perjury charges for lying under oath to Congress .	7	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
But elite culture stigmatizes plain speaking , so that now a rapist or a murderer is a “ person who committed a crime ” or an “ individual who was incarcerated , ” says the Obama Department of Justice , or , according to the latest humbug from the Department of Education , a “ justice - involved individual . ” Implicit in these euphemisms is the theory that “ society , ” not the criminal , is to blame for crime , a long - exploded idea aimed at blurring the distinction between right and wrong .	30	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Hanley said she generally purchased the devices from the AT&T store in Dupont Circle , though one came from Pentagon City Mall , and , later , she started to purchase them proactively to help ensure Clinton ’s preference would be available .	4	transaction.transferownership.n/a
The prison is an echo chamber : one person being tortured is like everyone being tortured .	10	life.injure.n/a
Chris Christie instead of convicting the actual defendants for causing a traffic snarls on the GW Bridge .	4	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
He was arrested in Iran in 2014 and convicted of espionage last year .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
And now , as Manafort ’s replacement , Trump has selected a man from the closest thing to Sputnik News in the United States : Breitbart.com , a completely dishonest propaganda machine that seeks to sow information chaos under the guise of producing news .	42	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
Yesterday , Vladimir Putin appointed Evgeny Zinichev to serve as the new acting governor to the Russian exclave Kaliningrad .	4	personnel.startposition.hiring
He reiterated his defence of his cellist friend , insisting Roldugin spends all his money on costly musical instruments and is not corrupt .	1	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
The Nuclear weapons stockpiled today are 50 times more powerful than the two atomic bombs the U.S. dropped on Japan in 1945 .	14	conflict.attack.bombing
The files include people and companies blacklisted by the U.S. government because of links to drug trafficking and terrorism , according to the ICIJ .	16	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
Hide Caption 18 of 19 Photos : Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and former Turkish president Abdullah Gul pray during the funeral of a victim of the coup attempt in Istanbul on July 17 .	28	contact.funeralvigil.meet
Paula Gober , 36 , single car accident , December 7 , 1992 .	7	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
-- Fear of an imminent terrorist attack is one of the top concerns of people across the globe , with most expecting extremist groups will acquire weapons of mass destruction , according to a new poll conducted in eight countries .	25	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
" It is not uncommon for the Coalition Air Operations Center to confer with Russian officials as a professional courtesy and to deconflict Coalition and Russian aircraft , although such contact is not required by the current U.S.–Russia Memorandum of Understanding on safety of flight . "	12	contact.discussion.n/a
If other states follow , you better migrate to another country and fast .	7	movement.transportperson.n/a
Isis has seized huge swathes of Syria , including its de - facto capital of Raqqa , stretching into neighbouring Iraq as parts of its so - called Islamic State .	2	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The American who succumbed to his wounds sustain in the attack had been evacuated to Wolfson Medical Center in Holon .	13	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
As it turned out , Clinton was asked about the death penalty , but the phrasing of the question was different .	10	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Democratic strategists said the damage to Clinton 's campaign from her remark would depend on the Republican and media response in coming days .	4	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
He also questioned the need to spend a “ fortune ” on NATO , advocating a non - interventionist foreign policy .	14	contact.requestadvise.meet
This sense of economic disappointment has inspired some young people to embrace Sanders ’ message , she suggests .	17	contact.requestadvise.meet
John Nilsson - Wright , the head of the Asia program at the London - based think tank Chatham House , said western intelligence agencies would want to question Thae about Kim ’s leadership and what happened to members of the previous government who media said were executed , the Guardian reported .	47	life.die.n/a
As the relationship between Saudi Arabia and the United States frays over a possible congressional vote about the Middle East nation ’s role in 9/11 and whether the Saudis will sell U.S. assets in retaliation , the country could find itself isolated from its largest ally .	15	government.vote.castvote
They have all been hired to do a job , which did n’t change even when the Soviet Union ended and the Warsaw Pact was disbanded ; and , anyone who has been at this job for as long as those people have , can pretty well figure out what the job actually is – even if Hersh ca n’t .	4	personnel.startposition.n/a
Sanders ' brief memo appeared in an article along with those written by 20 other public figures , some of whom praised Snowden for performing what they say was a public service and urged the U.S. government to allow him to return home from his exile in Russia that began in 2013 .	33	contact.requestadvise.n/a
Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova says Moscow is demanding " full and detailed explanations about whether this was deliberate support of the Islamic State or another mistake . "	6	contact.commandorder.meet
Guindon had taken her oath of office the day earlier .	4	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Employees from the Chinese and nearby American embassy were evacuated , the Kyrgyz emergency service said .	9	movement.transportperson.n/a
Trump tells the crowd he ’d like to punch a protester in the face or have him carried out on a stretcher .	8	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Another worker with the group said he does not trust the Syrian and Russian forces to stop bombarding the area .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Assange has been confined to the Ecuadorian embassy in London since June 2012 , when he sought and was granted asylum by Ecuador .	20	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Doctors Without Borders said the two hospitals have been forced to halt all activities , leaving just two hospitals with the ability to carry out surgery in a city experiencing “ a brutal and relentless onslaught from air and land . ”	25	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Right now we think one U.S. mil killed and one wounded . ”	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
At the same time that it began to rely on other people ’s money , the Trump Foundation sometimes appeared to flout IRS rules by purchasing things that seemed to benefit only Trump .	25	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Through the controversy , the fact that the Democratic platform did n't urge lethal aid for Ukraine either was largely missed , with Democrats choosing to take a hard right turn on Russia .	12	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
Users in a SAP SCIF normally can not print or fax information to any non - SAP system or to an unsecured system .	10	contact.collaborate.correspondence
A student from DePaul University and organizer with the International Socialist Organization , Sam Piper , addressed the crisis facing students saddled with tens of thousands of dollars of debt from student loans .	32	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
At 2:27 a.m. , shortly before the aircraft was scheduled to exit Greek airspace , controllers tried to reach the pilots to transfer control to Cairo authorities .	22	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
“ As it is , high income countries have more capacity to insulate their people from health impacts of climate change .	6	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In recent years , Mr. Putin has invaded Ukraine , stoking political tensions there and in the Baltic States , and financed right - wing politicians across Europe ; during the Cold War , the United States secretly tried to influence elections in Indonesia , Italy , Chile and Poland .	7	conflict.attack.invade
Among the potential violations he cited were long lines of soldiers voting at stations where they were not registered and voters casting their ballots on tables instead of curtained - off voting booths	11	inspection.sensoryobserve.monitorelection
The series of digital ads urges young voters to “ Stop Trump / Stop Hate . "	5	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Second , Trump claimed that in the classified intelligence briefing he received on Aug. 17 , he learned “ that our leadership , Barack Obama , did not follow what our experts ” had recommended “ in almost every instance . ” That ’s quite a claim , since the briefing was prepared by James Clapper , Obama ’s director of national intelligence .	34	contact.requestadvise.n/a
“ What Hillary Clinton has done , I can tell you , it is … punishable by jail time .	17	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
A State Department official pressured the FBI to alter the classification of an email regarding possible arrests in the Benghazi attacks because it “ caused problems , ” FBI officials told investigators during the agency ’s probe into Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ?	16	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The boycotting of his state is not of the order of United Nations sanctions .	1	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
WikiLeaks says it has access to NSA source code and will be posting it for free , unlike an outfit known as the “ Shadow Brokers ” that had announced plans to auction off code they allegedly stole .	32	transaction.transferownership.purchase
One then hurled a bottle at the England supporters , before the gang started chucking chairs and tables at their opponents .	2	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
When Mr. Lauer asked if Mr. Trump actually believed he knew more about the Islamic State than American generals , the candidate replied : “ The generals have been reduced to rubble . ” When Mr. Lauer brought up Mr. Trump ’s admiration for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , noting that Mr. Putin had invaded Ukraine and was suspected of hacking Democratic emails , Mr. Trump refused to say a negative word about him .	56	conflict.attack.invade
This is eastern Ukraine 28 months after the start of a conflict that once seemed unthinkable , and a year and a half after the signing of a second cease - fire deal , known as Minsk 2 , that was supposed to bring lasting peace to this war - torn edge of Europe and reintegrate it with the rest of Ukraine .	11	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Others on the list are Jewish nationalist Mike Guzovsky ; imprisoned Russian skinhead leaders Artur Ryno and Pavel Skachevsky ; and Islamic leaders Wadgy Abd El Hamied Mohamed Ghoneim , Abdullah Qadri Al Ahdal , Safwat Hijazi , Amir Siddique , Abdul Ali Musa , Samir Al Quntar and Nasr Javed .	10	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Some appear to be retirees purchasing real estate in places like Costa Rica and Panama , according to the consortium .	5	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
INTERACTIVE : How many Palestinians are imprisoned by Israel ?	6	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
What makes Obama ’s drone joke particularly non - funny is that on the same night in 2010 — just a few hours before Obama spoke — a Bridgeport , Conn. , man , Faisal Shahzad attempted to detonate a car bomb in New York City ’s Times Square .	38	conflict.attack.n/a
Scaparrotti , NATO 's supreme commander , says as of now only five of the 28 NATO nations are meeting their pledge to spend at least 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense .	21	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Village chief Lin Zuluan , one of the last of the 2011 protest leaders to remain in office , was jailed this month for three years on graft and other charges .	20	movement.transportperson.preventexit
In April 2006 , Goldman Sachs provided investors with a bullish report on Countrywide ’s high - quality mortgage loans — loans the bank had helpfully packaged into AAA - rated mortgage - backed securities , thereby offering those lucky clients a low - risk way of profiting from America ’s housing boom .	21	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
It continues : “ Here ’s one that worries me about HRC … Should Ohio and the 30 other states join the current list and abolish the death penalty ? ”	27	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
No - one was injured in the hijacking , Cypriot government spokesman Nikos Christodulides tweeted .	7	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
“ ISIS jihadists demanded the people of Mosul watch the brutal execution , and forced dozens to participate in stoning her along with the group ’s militants , ” al - Malla reported .	3	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Speaking to reporters after convening a meeting of national security experts in New York , Clinton said Trump 's recent praise for Putin is “ beyond one ’s imagination . "	4	contact.discussion.n/a
The newspaper stated that “ the Russian Defense Ministry ” was behind the sacking of “ the entire senior and mid - level command of the Baltic Fleet . ”	13	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Then there was Sedinam Kinamo Christin Moyowasifza - Curry , a long - shot Green Party presidential candidate who regularly interrupted the proceedings to proclaim that the primary had been rigged against her .	24	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
They also discussed increased energy cooperation , with Netanyahu assuring Putin that no legal limitations would be placed on Russian firms wanting to participate in Israeli energy projects . But the two countries remain at odds over Moscow ’s ties with Tehran including the shipment of sophisticated weaponry to Iran , a country which has pledged to annihilate the Jewish state .	57	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
What made the litigation threat credible was Trump ’s refusal to pay more than 150 illegal immigrants who demolished the Bonwit Teller department store to make way for Trump Tower .	18	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Clinton 's doctor has evaluated her several times since she became dehydrated at Sunday 's 9/11 memorial event in New York City .	11	life.injure.n/a
Since we know that Isis sells Syrian and Iraqi oil to the Turks – Russian bomber pilots have seen miles of Isis oil convoys running to the horizon towards Turkey – and since Turkish journalists have been imprisoned for reporting on secret Turkish arms transfers to Islamists in Syria – the Americans are , in effect , blaming Isis for the genocide of a hundred thousand or more human beings while being too frightened to label the Armenian massacres of a million and a half souls as genocide lest it offend Isis’ sinister chums in Turkey .	61	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
I 'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement – now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments , including ourselves .	9	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
( Nick Miroff ) Pakistan ’s government announced that it is giving a $ 3 million grant to the “ University of Jihad , ” agreeing to subsidize one of the world ’s most controversial Islamist institutions even as the country vows to crack down on havens for the Islamic State .	16	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Decapitation of the organization is a sufficient response because , as the president tells Goldberg : “ ISIS is not an existential threat to the United States . ” He “ frequently reminds his staff that terrorism takes far fewer lives in America than handguns , car accidents , and falls in bathtubs do . ” ( Maybe so , but bathtubs are not actively plotting to kill us . )	47	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
He added : “ You have deceived your followers that [ adhering to ] democracy and entering the parliament will lead to [ the implementation ] of Islamic Shariah .	6	contact.prevarication.broadcast
Last week the Syrian government and Russia launched an effort to evacuate civilians wishing to leave Aleppo , establishing safe corridors and providing food , medical assistance and transport for those who chose to use them .	11	movement.transportperson.n/a
Polls in the Netherlands show the country ’s Party for Freedom , headed by Geert Wilders – who is currently on trial for inciting hatred against the country ’s Moroccan community – would win an election if one were called today .	21	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
“ If they are not allowed to work it , drives them into illegal work or looking to migrate , ” he said .	18	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
It 's not just explosions and melting permafrost we should worry about , either .	4	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Flynn has been advising Trump and is a close confidant of the Republican nominee .	3	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
And so I say to you , if you love this country , you 're working hard , you 're paying taxes and you 're obeying the law and you 'd like to become a citizen , you should choose immigration reform over somebody that wants to send you back .	40	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
The Maryland State Prosecutor ’s Office announced Friday that it had issued 12 citations to Retail Service and Systems Inc. , charging that the company or its subsidiaries violated what was then the $ 4,000 limit on giving to a single candidate .	21	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
President Obama will request $ 582.7 billion in funding for the Pentagon as part of the fiscal year 2017 budget , Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said .	8	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
MEGYN KELLY : You 're accused of receiving a debate question whether a CNN town hall where they partnered with TV One that you had this question on March 12th , that verbatim , verbatim was provided by Roland Martin to CNN the next day .	9	contact.negotiate.n/a
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump went head - to - head for the first time Monday night in a debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead , N.Y.	19	contact.negotiate.correspondence
“ When they reference burials and your family in the same email , and telling you that you ’re being watched , that ’s concerning , ” Craig Dunn , a Trump critic who was elected this past weekend as a Republican delegate from Indiana ’s 4th Congressional District .	4	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
The report states “ At least 85 of 154 people from private interests who met or had phone conversations scheduled with Clinton while she led the State Department donated to her family charity or pledged commitments to its international programs , according to a review of State Department calendars released so far to The Associated Press . ” There ’s plenty of smoke ( and perhaps a raging inferno ) there to give the election to Trump .	34	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
ernard Schwartz and his Loral Space & Communication Ltd. later allegedly “ helped China to identify the cause of [ a rocket failure ] , thereby advancing China ’s missile program and threatening U.S. national security , ” according to records .	32	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Kalashnikov USA of Tullytown , Pa. , was importing rifles made by Kalashnikov Concern , the original AK-47 manufacturer in Moscow , until 2014 when President Obama imposed sanctions against Russia following its annexation of Crimea .	8	movement.transportartifact.grantentry
When I was there , she played a very active role in rallying the world behind the global sanctions against Iran that brought them to the table over their nuclear program .	18	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Before Steinle ’s death , the Federal Bureau of Prisons transferred Lopez - Sanchez to the San Francisco Police Department for an outstanding arrest warrant on drug charges .	23	movement.transportperson.n/a
His sister was convicted and imprisoned on similar charges .	8	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Hillary should be declared unfit because she lies continuously , committed perjury , has taken kickbacks throughout her public life , tried to destroy women and any other people who got in her way , violated multiple security laws and other laws , and left Americans to die .	7	contact.prevarication.correspondence
“ Rick ’s plea somehow worked — and that was the root of the divisions that tore apart the campaign , ” one of McCain ’s top advisers told me .	16	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Kamaev and a clutch of other top officials quit as Russia began the reform process it hopes will see it allowed it athletes to participate in the Rio Olympics .	8	personnel.endposition.quitretire
She ’s never seen combat , either .	4	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
“ America is the only country where you can come naked with no language and make it in 25 years . ” I suggested to Menaker ’s guests that even the most extreme of Sanders ’ proposals — to make America resemble a Scandinavian country — is not quite as radical workers rising up to seize the means of production .	55	transaction.transaction.n/a
Specifically , it says that only health services “ provided by public health departments , hospitals , or reimbursed through public health plans ” can receive the Zika funding from Congress .	18	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Lazar , who was extradited to the U.S. before his Romanian jail term was complete , currently faces a September trial for separate hacking charges .	4	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The grim tally from the Syrian Center for Policy Research ( SCPR ) represents a dramatic increase from the total of 250,000 fatalities often cited by the United Nations , which stopped independently counting Syria ’s war dead early in 2014 .	22	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Costa Rica ’s foreign minister , Manuel González , said that tanks and weapons of war were ill - suited to the problems Central America faces : poverty , organized crime , human trafficking and drug trafficking .	33	movement.transportartifact.n/a
You ’d expect something more along the lines of “ We tried our best to capture him alive so that we could bring him back to face justice starting with a fair trial , but , sadly , he died in a firefight . ” With a serious face , becoming of a Presumptive Future President .	15	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
She said Russia 's decision to call a council meeting was " cynical and hypocritical " as Moscow had never expressed such outrage at the killing of civilians by Syrian government forces during more than five years of conflict .	25	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
When he was asked about a tweet in which he had blamed military sexual assaults on the integration of women , he acted as though he had always believed the problem was insufficient prosecution .	14	life.injure.n/a
Withdraw the U.S. from other treaties and international organizations : WTO , NAFTA , the U.N. , the Paris Treaty on international climate change .	5	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
So basically we prepared everything and I would like to say that there is a ceasefire in Syria and there is less job to do for our aircraft and there is no need to keep such forces there because we are moving in the direction of the political process .	15	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
She oversaw the coup that overthrew the democratically - elected president of Honduras .	9	personnel.elect.winelection
If Mr. Trump buys a building for $ 50 M and it goes up in value to $ 200 M , that $ 150 M gain is n’t booked or taxed until it is sold .	3	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Clinton : " He started his business with $ 14 million , borrowed from his father . "	12	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Alexander Yaroshenko , head of the Forestry Programme of Greenpeace Russia told Siberian Times The company says that all possible measures to prevent the spread of the blaze have been taken including a “ mineral border line ” around the saw dust mountain and firefighting equipment on permanent standby . Heat wave conditions across Siberia , with the hottest June ever recorded , have sparked multiple wildfires across vast tracts of boreal forests in recent days .	27	conflict.attack.setfire
There is such a disconnect between Snowden ’s constitutional oath and the scale and type of sensitive intelligence information that he disclosed that it makes me question whether the Constitution had anything to do with the leaks .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
By expanding the kinds of actors that may be held legally responsible for crimes under international law , and by broadening the focus of crimes the ICC reviews , activists hope to see a decreased incidence of land grabbing , a renewed fight to protect the livelihoods of those who live on the land , and the integrity of the land itself .	37	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Yes , all politicians exaggerate , and most of them lie , some more than others .	10	contact.prevarication.broadcast
South Korea 's defence ministry reiterated Tuesday that the US missile defence system only targets North Korea and that its deployment is an issue between the two allies .	5	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
The farmers and truckers interviewed said they had seen their produce rejected on flimsy grounds , but decided against challenging the ruling with the US department of agriculture ’s dispute mechanism for fear of being boycotted by powerful supermarket giants .	35	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi had claimed he was battling jihadists and terrorists who were building strongholds around Benghazi , but Clinton and her State Department underlings accused him of slaughtering civilians and ( in one of the more colorful lies used to justify the war ) distributing Viagra to his troops so they could rape more women .	54	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
A revamp of the Russian tax code that would see consumers slapped with an 18 % sales tax on all mobile purchases , an idea which , if implemented , would naturally direct consumers toward alternatives .	21	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The Trudeau government has yet to respond to an offer by Russia to dispatch massive water bombers and fire fighting specialists to battle the growing inferno around Fort McMurray , Alta .	25	conflict.attack.setfire
" It 's time to put their promises into practice and deliver results . "	7	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
“ Undoubtedly , if she wins election , her first priority will be re - election .	5	personnel.elect.winelection
She countersued for $ 20 million and in court papers accused Trump of taking kickbacks from contractors , asserting this could “ be the basis of a criminal proceeding requiring an attorney general ’s investigation ” into Trump .	28	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
The airstrikes and the rising death toll received fierce criticism from Western powers .	1	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
– CNBC ’s Becky Quick – who also moderated the CNBC GOP debate – promised John Podesta after Sylvia Mathews Burwell as nominated as HHS secretary : “ I will make sure to defend her when things get further along in the nomination process . ”	14	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
The helicopter then plummets to the floor trailing debris , in an attack that would claim the lives of both pilots .	3	movement.transportartifact.fall
Most of the wounded in the subway blast were evacuated to the Rue de la Loi , outside the station , which serves the area that hosts most of the European Union ’s core institutions .	7	conflict.attack.bombing
The slogan was coined by David Lane , a member of the white supremacist terrorist group known as The Order , who later died in prison in 2007 .	23	life.die.nonviolentdeath
18/20 Bodies being repatriated An Egyptian soldier prays as emergency workers prepare to unload bodies of victims from a police helicopter to ambulances at Kabrit military airport on 31 October .	13	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
Instead of requiring concessions of the Panamanian government on banking rules and regulations , combating tax haven abuse in Panama could violate the agreement .	21	government.agreements.violateagreement
Turkey reacted with fury on Thursday ( 2 June ) after the Bundestag labelled the World War I massacre of Armenians by Ottoman forces as genocide , threatening further measures .	18	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" I came perilously close to my own execution , and in light of that , what I have just shared with you and in light of the fact that there are documented cases of innocent people who have been executed in our country , I would like to know how can you still take your stance on the death penalty in light of what we know right now . "	8	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
You think it does n’t tear me up to see starving kids or women led to the slaughter ?	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Though Rubio disavowed Trump ’s 2005 remarks , he reiterated on Tuesday that he is still backing his party ’s nominee because he believes the election is a binary choice .	9	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The footage was posted on Twitter by Bilal Gezer , who said the group was part of a funeral procession .	18	contact.funeralvigil.meet
NSA accused of spying on Brazilian oil company Petrobras Read more	1	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Photos : The ISIS terror threat Syrians wait near the Turkish border during clashes between ISIS and Kurdish armed groups in Kobani , Syria , on Thursday , June 25 .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
There was the convention ’s disproportionate focus on America ’s Native peoples ― which is not a bad thing , but most of that attention was focused on broken 19th - century treaties and not on the urgent issues that beset many Native American communities today , such as widespread drug addiction , violence against women and crumbling schools .	32	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Zaher Sahloul , a senior adviser for the Syrian American Medical Society , which supports both of the hospitals bombed overnight , said : “ It is extermination of a major city by starving and killing its 85,000 children using all modern and middle ages weaponries . ”	33	life.injure.n/a
Russia 's foreign ministry has vowed to respond to the entry of a US Navy ship into the Black Sea with unspecified " measures " .	5	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Peña Nieto appointed a new ambassador to the US and diplomats are promising a pre - election public relations campaign .	2	personnel.startposition.hiring
The FBI said in a statement that the arrest shows the focus U.S. and international authorities are putting on cyber crime .	8	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Miller — who would earn acclaim for standing up for white lacrosse players falsely accused of gang raping a black woman — is now a senior adviser to the Trump campaign .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Trident was originally bought from the USA by Margaret Thatcher as a last ditch defence in case the armies of the former Warsaw Pact , which was disbanded in 1989 , overran Europe .	3	transaction.transferownership.purchase
Mr. Poroshenko , a tycoon with assets in television and a chocolatier before his entrance into politics , pledged to divest himself of his holdings but instead moved the assets into an offshore company in the British Virgin Islands , according to the consortium ’s reporting .	18	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Where Mussolini unrealistically promised the Italian people that he would capture Gibraltar from Britain , Trump promises to make Mexico pay for an impenetrable wall on the Rio Grande .	3	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Abedini is a Christian pastor who had been imprisoned since July 2012 for organizing home churches .	8	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Supposedly , Ammon and company are following in his father 's felonious footsteps by seizing this federal property in protest of the arrest of two Oregon ranchers -- Dwight and Steven Hammond , who were convicted of arson for setting fire to 127 acres of Federal land so as to protect their own property from uncontrollable forest fires .	37	conflict.attack.n/a
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The suspect emerged from the plane and was later detained	18	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
He is also a well - compensated member of the military - industrial complex , sitting on the board of General Dynamics and serving as a strategic adviser to Academi , the private - security contractor once known as Blackwater .	6	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
“ The professional and well - judged actions of the police helped prevent any harm to civilians and officers , ” a spokesperson for the Interior Ministry said .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
It was smuggled across the Russian - Ukrainian border in July 2014 and spotted leaving rebel - held Donetsk on a low - loader , heading east .	2	movement.transportartifact.hide
Podesta said he was n't happy about the invasion of his privacy -- which has provided an unprecedented view into the campaign 's inner workings in real time -- but professed to be " Zen " about the ordeal , despite his reputation for having a volcanic temper .	30	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
I think perhaps secretly he wished the coups had succeeded , but he ’ll never say that .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
" The only alternative ( to a two - state solution ) that I see is perpetual violence here in Israel and Palestine and entangling this conflict into the broader problems of the region , " he said , adding it would be akin to " writing a blank cheque to violence and radicalism " for generations to come .	26	conflict.attack.n/a
He says : " African - Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on ! "	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
It makes you want to go back and find patient zero and think , when was the moment where we stopped being willing to fund public education in this country , that it became so egregious that we no longer could have people who understood the constitution , the checks and balances ?	24	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
However , the trade agreement was negotiated and signed by the prior president , George H.W.	4	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
But one day , people were summoned to a district of al - Raqqah to witness his execution .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
The Ministry of Defence gave no information on how or where he died , saying he passed away on 3 January aged 58 .	16	life.die.n/a
Such rhetoric is not new : It has grown since 2013 , prompted by Washington ’s criticism of Erdoğan ’s heavy - handed crackdown on Gezi Park protests that year .	27	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
So the practical effect of that was that the president could arrest people or have the military arrest people , and they would not be able to go to court .	11	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
The UK has said its policy is to provide aid money to neighbouring countries so that they can support refugees closer to home .	8	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
A source close to the probe told the AFP news agency Lahouaiej - Bouhlel visited the Nice promenade with his rented truck on the two days before the massacre .	20	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
According to a 2011 Mother Jones investigation , Phares was in charge of the ideological training of militia troops and even advocated for the creation of a Christian enclave within Lebanon , a hardline position in the multi - confessional state .	21	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Someone once smuggled a sandwich into space , which is a horrible idea	2	movement.transportartifact.hide
Trump 's lies are n't preparing his followers to face the reality that their candidate is probably going to lose the election ; they 're preparing them to expect a victory , and to get very angry if it does n't happen .	2	contact.prevarication.broadcast
After presenting the Chinese government with strong evidence of culpability , the U.S. Department of Justice issued indictments for five Chinese People ’s Liberation Army members on charges of hacking ; in conjunction with the September 2015 bilateral agreement , administration officials have tied this policy to subsequent decreases in attacks .	38	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Police also confiscated a firearm outside the stadium .	2	transaction.transaction.n/a
Trump 's narrative of self - making his entire fortune does n't quite hold up either -- The Washington Post Fact Checker found that he profited from loans , loan guarantees , his father 's connections and trusts to help create his empire .	27	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
The issue took on fresh urgency last month following the attempted coup in Turkey , in which the base 's Turkish commander was arrested on suspicion of complicity in the plot .	11	conflict.attack.n/a
His campaign sought to capitalize on the good news , fund - raising on Twitter after his inclusion was announced on Fox News .	10	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
So not only does attacking medical facilities and personnel hamper the ability of that one facility and those personnel to provide aid to the regime ’s enemies , it also deters people in other areas of Syria from providing aid .	38	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
THE MEMO : For Trump , danger signs in the polls McAuliffe touts buildup of cyber defenses in the states MORE is the Democratic nominee and Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE is her Republican counterpart .	78	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
On Saturday , Putin blamed ceasefire violations and the aid blockade on resistance from Washington , saying Americans “ still can not separate the so - called healthy part of the opposition from the half - criminal and terrorist elements .	5	government.agreements.violateagreement
By leaking a flood of classified information to select news outlets in 2013 , Snowden revealed the extent to which the Obama administration was collecting personal data — far and above what took place under The Patriot Act following the 9/11 attacks .	41	life.injure.n/a
JIT prosecutors have established the identities of about 100 people " linked to the crash or the transport of the Buk " missile , but they are yet to determine who could be held criminally responsible .	17	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The founder of Ukrayinska Pravda , Georgiy Gongadze , was an investigative journalist who was murdered 16 years ago , his decapitated body discovered in a forest outside Kiev .	21	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence Mike ( Michael ) Richard PenceDems threaten to gum up Senate over ' secret ' ObamaCare bill This week : Senate plots path on healthcare Pence family adopts new kitten , puppy MORE will no longer attend a campaign event on Saturday with House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Warren to Fed : Kick out Wells Fargo board | Senators raise questions about Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi bashes GOP on budget MORE ( R - Wis . ) , according to reports .	12	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Her bragging list of diplomatic accomplishments included nuclear weapons reduction negotiations with Russia ( which were badly undermined by an accompanying trillion - dollar plan to “ modernize ” our own arsenal ) , the barely useful climate deal in Copenhagen , the 2012 Hamas - Israel ceasefire ( which Israel soon violated ) , the pressure she applied on other countries to join in Washington ’s sanctions against Iran , and ( more laudably , if unevenly ) her record of standing up for the rights of women , religious minorities , and LGBT people .	47	government.agreements.rejectnullifyagreementcontractceasefire
Credit : Alon Hachman)Shortly beforehand , one Israeli was moderately wounded in a suspected terror stabbing in Petah Tikva . The assailant was also stabbed during the incident , after the haredi victim removed the knife from his neck and stabbed the assailant .	40	conflict.attack.n/a
" Illegal immigration costs our country more than $ 113 billion a year . "	2	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
If personnel is policy , the composition of the transition team is a telling sign that rather than implementing the progressive Democratic Party platform negotiated between Clinton and Bernie Sanders , a Clinton administration appears likely to ignore the progressive base and revert to " third way " neoliberalism and foreign adventurism .	24	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Mustafa Barghouti , head of the Palestinian National Initiative , said Israel 's decision proved that " an alternative national strategy that focused on popular resistance and the boycott movement " was essential , in addition to reconciling feuding parties Hamas and Fatah .	28	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
You can be sure that Trump will have no qualms about annihilating Hillary Clinton when they face off in the general election	11	conflict.attack.n/a
Campaign staff began a spirited exchange over how to punch back at the upstart senator , who favored keeping a trade embargo born of the Cold War in place against the communist island nation .	21	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Some have detected a more wooden walk , which they presume is how Trump has been told a president should walk .	6	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Assange also has hinted that deceased DNC staffer Seth Rich may have been a secret source for WikiLeaks .	5	life.die.n/a
So , in defending her role in the Libyan “ regime change , ” Clinton called the slain Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi “ genocidal ” though that is a gross exaggeration of Gaddafi ’s efforts to beat back Islamic militants in 2011 .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Rather with troops deployed in big numbers , and with Russian jets routinely buzzing US aircraft carriers , and other assets , the greater danger is from an accident or collision .	28	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Through a foundation , so did the son - in - law of a former Ukrainian president whose government was widely criticized for corruption and the murder of journalists .	26	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Turning to the coup attempt , Cavusoglu said Turkey had no intelligence on the possibility of Gulen fleeing to another country , such as Egypt , in the face of a potential U.S. extradition .	33	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Reporters Maureen Feighan and Jonathan Oosting discuss the final two days of the Democratic National Convention	14	contact.discussion.meet
The desert oasis was once known as a melting pot of faiths and ethnicities , and by demolishing its artifacts , the jihadists also hoped to eradicate knowledge of its diverse legacy .	17	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Conservative leaders in the US have resisted refugee resettlement programs , and several governors have ordered a halt to funding .	19	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
More recently , the Guardian got a hold of an anti - Sanders dossier alleging he had " sympathized with the USSR during the Cold War " by traveling to a small Russian city in 1987 — an attack the newspaper suggested might factor into Clinton 's message .	25	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
When the Left makes a great show about “ racism ” because a village emblem supposedly displays a white man strangling a Native American , and it turns out that it actually depicts a voluntary wrestling match in which a white man earned the local Natives ’ respect,[20 ] , or because of the use of the word “ Redskins ” for a sports team when it turns out that 9 out of 10 Native Americans do n’t really care,[21 ] the Left is crying wolf .	20	conflict.attack.n/a
Related : Donald Trump 's History of Lying Under Oath	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
When was the last time that an American politician acknowledged the poorly educated as something other than a tumor on the body politic that needs to be eradicated , much less thanked them ?	27	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Yet , like some of Trump 's hapless Republican rivals , she feels no kinship with the man who hijacked the GOP and preaches strategic as well as economic isolationism .	23	contact.mediastatement.n/a
In August , the German government was accused of scaremongering after advising citizens to stockpile food and water for use in a national emergency .	11	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
But unfounded suggestions that she could be blackmailed go a step too far .	7	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
Things Get Extremely Heated When Trump Blasts George Bush for 9/11 , Iraq War : ‘ They Lied ! ’ -The Blaze Donald Trump blasted former President George W. Bush Saturday night at the GOP debate , contending he lied about weapons of mass destruction in order to take the U.S. to war in Iraq .. More	35	contact.negotiate.meet
The book , Miller explains , documents how under the Clintons , “ the security of the American people was auctioned off to the highest bidder .	20	transaction.transferownership.purchase
White House Press Secretary Josh Ernest did not respond to whether the hack was authentic but confirmed the White House was investigating .	21	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
From day one , the Republican insurgent sounded themes dear to the alt - right — his official campaign launch in the lobby of Trump Tower in June 2015 , when he vowed to crack down on Mexican criminals and “ rapists , ” was simply the first clarion call .	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
— Authorities said no bombs exploded within airport buildings , according to the minister .	5	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Hide Caption 13 of 25 Photos : The second presidential debate Trump answers a question during the debate .	17	contact.negotiate.meet
They are also actively discriminated against by a 2013 law criminalising LGBT “ propaganda ” allowing the arrest of numerous Russian LGBT activists .	17	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Last month , President Obama cancelled a planned first meeting with Duterte on the sidelines of an Asian summit in Laos .	9	contact.discussion.meet
And in this case , some of the individuals that they employ , or at least support , were killed while they were trying to attend to wounds of innocent people who were injured in this conflict .	11	personnel.startposition.hiring
In 1920 , the New York State legislature expelled its last five legally - elected Socialist members and never allowed them to return .	14	personnel.elect.winelection
Russia , a close ally of Syrian President Bashar Assad ’s government , said last Thursday it was ready to back the UN call for weekly 48-hour cease - fires in Aleppo , provided aid convoys travel to both rebel - controlled and government - controlled parts of the city .	33	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
After leaving the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Trump climbed the rhetorical jackass tree and then hurled himself earthward , hitting every branch on the way down .	17	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The Obama Administration played a key role by repurposing spectrum and auctioning licenses , as well as by making new spectrum available for unlicensed technologies .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Over 60 civilians have been killed and at least 200 injured during three days of US - led coalition airstrikes on residential areas in Mosul , the Russian military reported .	19	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Otto Frank , Anne Frank 's father , tried to get visas to the U.S. in 1940 to save his family from the Holocaust but got denied , Schloss wrote .	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
We will not stop until the last drug lord , the last financier , and the last pusher have surrendered or [ been ] put behind bars -- or below the ground , if they so wish , " Duterte said during his State of the Nation speech on July 25 .	19	conflict.yield.surrender
Effective at mass murder , yes .	3	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Also , he has argued unsuccessfully in British courts that the investigation has been a ruse to extradite him to Sweden so he could then be extradited to the United States to face reported but still - secret U.S. charges .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
A day after Donald Trump met with a group of Latino supporters , top aides suggested Sunday that the GOP nominee may be reconsidering his signature campaign promise to round up and deport 11 million people who are in the country illegally .	15	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
For Trump , the debates have been at the center of the most destructive two - month period of his campaign , when he has faced multiple accusations of unwanted sexual advances against women and blowback over his vulgar comments on a hot microphone about forcing himself on women sexually .	4	contact.negotiate.meet
And what I want to start by saying — it ’s not a laughing matter — 90 people on average a day are killed or commit suicide or die in accidents from guns , 33,000 people a year .	23	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The Obama administration sought to appease international outrage over its eavesdropping on foreign leaders , revealed in Edward Snowden ’s leaks about the National Security Agency , by transferring control of ICANN .	28	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Democrats are asking the court to extend the consent decree for another eight years , and to bar the RNC from conducting “ voter intimidation with the Trump campaign and its associates . ”	23	government.vote.violationspreventvote
In addition to having weaker proposals , Clinton often has a record that suggests she ’s even less with us than she professes to be , in addition to having cultivated donors whose interests diverge from ours .	22	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was the subject of a U.S. investigation after WikiLeaks posted a cache of diplomatic cables and military documents provided by the now - imprisoned Chelsea Manning -- then known as Bradley Manning -- in 2010 .	27	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Near a Victorian fireplace he has a treadmill donated by the Left - wing film - maker Ken Loach and in his first year at the embassy he notched up 744 miles on the running machine .	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump says John Hinckley Jr. , the man who tried to assassinate President Ronald Reagan in 1981 , should not be freed .	16	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
And one on North Korea — a country that is home to government policies of torture , starvation , enslavement , rape , disappearances , and murder – to name just some of its crimes against humanity .	17	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
Nervous system illnesses in adults , for instance , grew from 26 in 1995 to 70 in 2009 .	2	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
In other cases , it 's a problem of plain old user error , said Pamela Smith , the president of Verified Voting , a nonpartisan organization that advocates for accurate and transparent elections .	22	government.vote.castvote
Talks in Geneva in early February collapsed before they started , with rebels saying they could not negotiate while they were being bombed .	17	contact.negotiate.correspondence
It showed footage of ambulances arriving at the Kilis State hospital and medical personnel unloading children on stretchers and a girl wrapped in a blanket as well as a handful of adults .	14	movement.transportperson.n/a
He said : ' At around midnight , there was a short confrontation where a group of approximately 70 local youths approached a pub where England fans had congregated .	28	contact.collaborate.meet
Despite consistent U.S. calls to retreat to the east of the Euphrates River , PYD units have not complied with the demands of the U.S. and Turkey , and the group has continued its offenses northwards amid the conflict between Turkish - backed moderate opposition forces and Daesh terrorists .	21	contact.commandorder.n/a
Of course no ordinary business person would want his tax auditors to get free advice from crowdsourced kibitzers , but a tax return is not supposed to be an opening negotiating bid : in signing a tax return , an individual is charged with making a fair and accurate assessment of tax liability against himself .	30	contact.negotiate.correspondence
' I understand that issue and I view it as robbery by government , ' Adams explained , saying that he disagreed with the hike that Clinton proposed .	10	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
President Rodrigo Duterte holds up a photo , citing accounts of US troops who have killed Muslims during the US occupation of the Philippines in the early-1900s during a speech at the oath - taking of newly appointed government officials , at Malacanang palace in Manila on Sept. 12 .	32	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
Expand Israeli border police arresting Ahmad Abu Sbitan , 11 , in front of his school in East Jerusalem .	4	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Matea Gold and Anu Narayanswamy report that the campaign paid out more than $ 1 million to Trump - owned companies and to reimburse his own family for travel expenses .	23	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
That means defeating international terror groups , working with allies and partners to go after them whenever they are , countering their attempts to recruit people here and everywhere and hardening our defenses at home .	24	personnel.startposition.hiring
She gave a third letter for her family to the Doctors Without Borders women to smuggle out .	15	movement.transportartifact.n/a
“ And that is you ’ve got millions of young people , many of whom took out loans in order to go to college , hoping to go out and get decent - paying , good jobs and you know what ?	17	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Iraqi security forces battled insurgents targeting the country 's main oil refinery and said they regained partial control of a city near the Syrian border , trying to blunt an offensive by Sunni militants who diplomats fear may have also seized some 100 foreign workers	40	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
From Carol Morello : " The survey , commissioned by the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) , showed that many people think their governments are not doing enough to combat violent extremism .	33	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
When American diplomats restlessly roam land and sea , desperate for that Nobel - worthy moment , the national interest is rarely served .	4	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
In March , a passenger wearing a fake explosives belt hijacked a domestic EgyptAir flight and diverted it to Cyprus .	10	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Not only had Justo leaked information about 1MDB ’s dealings with PetroSaudi , he was also a potential star witness in any future court proceedings about the financial scandal .	24	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
-- FBI Director James B. Comey testified for five hours before a House oversight committee hearing , as Republicans called for another investigation of Clinton ’s private email use .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Give me a list of political prisoners and I will release them immediately , " Castro said defensively when asked by CNN 's Jim Acosta why his government was incarcerating dissidents .	29	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
At a North Carolina rally , a 78-year - old Trump supporter named John McGraw walked across a row of seats and sucker - punched a protester who was being escorted away by security .	15	movement.transportperson.n/a
Another rescuer told the activist - run SMART News Agency that around 50 children were leaving the front door when the strikes hit .	21	conflict.attack.bombing
A view of the wreckage of a plane that crashed southeast of Damascus , Syria in this still image taken from video said to be shot April 22 , 2016 .	9	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
He confronted the Soviet Union , spending heavily on a military buildup that the other side could n’t match , then negotiated deep cuts in nuclear arms .	21	contact.negotiate.correspondence
Julian Assange , true to his promise to release new material about the Clintons , did so most recently on the international classified information - leaking website WikiLeaks on August 8 .	6	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
According to the transcripts , Clinton discussed U.S. relations with Russia , the Dodd - Frank financial reform bill , the debt limit and the media , among other topics .	6	contact.discussion.correspondence
It was nearly nonstop name - calling and nastiness — they opened by dispensing with the traditional handshake , and an agitated Trump repeatedly encroached on Clinton ’s physical space as he paced the debate stage .	24	conflict.attack.invade
Putin , as The Washington Post reported , was implicated by a British inquiry in January in the poisoning death of Alexander Litvinenko , a former KGB operative , in London in 2006 .	18	conflict.attack.biologicalchemicalpoisonattack
After two events last weekend — a bombing in New York that involved a suspect who praised the Islamic State and stabbings in Minnesota for which the Islamic State has claimed credit — Trump has revived his tough talk on obliterating the terrorist group — vowing to “ utterly destroy ISIS . ”	21	conflict.attack.stabbing
' I do understand the risks of such surgery .	8	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
( New York Times ) Bill Cosby lost another bid to get the criminal charges against him dismissed , as a Pennsylvania judge ruled that there is sufficient evidence for the entertainer to stand trial .	14	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Less than a week after denying at a presidential debate that he had engaged in the sort of sexual assault of which he boasted in the now infamous “ Access Hollywood ” tape , Donald Trump was confronted this week with a series of statements from women who said , yes , he had groped or kissed them against their will .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
" I announce my separation from the United States , " he had said , to sustained applause , adding he would also seek closer ties with Russia .	2	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
Under Federal Drug Administration policy , gay men in the US are not allowed to have any sexual contact for a year before donating .	23	transaction.transferownership.n/a
' If someone has decided to drown , it is no longer possible to save them .	6	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The official refused to comment whether there were fatalities .	8	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Correa has said that he wanted to protect the WikiLeaks founder from the possibility he might have his due process rights violated and face the death penalty if he were ever charged for his leaks in the United States .	25	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Despite abundant evidence to the contrary , Trump denies that the Kremlin assassinates its critics .	12	life.die.n/a
So , it appears , Elite VPN rents DigiCube servers , hosts a proxy service on them , and Team Guccifer used that service to connect from somewhere else in the world to AOL France to send those messages .	7	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Turkish soldiers search for missing military personnel suspected of being involved in the coup attempt in Marmaris , Turkey , July 18 , 2016 .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Clinton was , in effect , pledging to commit genocide against the Iranian people .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In another email , Clinton staff asked Israeli philanthropist Haim Saban , the billionaire chairman of Univision Communications , if he approved Clinton campaign language about the BDS boycott against Israeli goods .	28	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
" This donation represents a deep friendship between two nations , " Afghan national security adviser Hanif Atmar said at an event marking delivery of the arms shipment .	27	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Last year , for the 16th year in a row , real median household incomes in the United States were lower than they were in 1999 .	14	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Under heavy pressure from governments like David Cameron 's in Britain , the major tax reform breakthrough of that conference was the Addis Tax Initiative , in which donor countries pledged to double their levels of aid , so as to strengthen tax systems in developing countries , without so much of a word about their own systems .	30	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Soviet war memorials have fallen into disrepair and been regularly vandalized in Poland , where the Soviet role in World War II is viewed with ambiguity or outright hostility .	10	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
LAUSANNE , Switzerland Syria talks convened by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in the Swiss city of Lausanne on Saturday evening failed to agree on a common strategy with Russia to end the conflict in Syria , now in its sixth year .	5	contact.discussion.n/a
Back in March , Trump canceled a rally in Chicago amid huge protests outside of the arena , and at another rally , a man was charged with assault and battery after video surfaced showing him punching a man in the face .	28	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
To anyone troubled by the legality of private citizens owning these sorts of weapons , shooters like Jim were quick to point out that fully automatic weapons have not been involved in any mass shooting in recent memory , with the one exception , Jim conceded , of the 1997 North Hollywood Shootout , when two men attempted a bank robbery with fully automatic weapons with drum magazines and exchanged nearly 2,000 rounds of ammunition with police — and those guns , Jim noted , were semi - automatics that had been illegally modified into fully automatics , not like the licensed automatic weapons at the Knob Creek shoot .	60	conflict.attack.n/a
" No one is loaning us money any more , not even China . "	4	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
It was extremely demoralizing and frustrating to see how much of the media and political establishment hijacked feminism and trivialized genuine sexism as they sought to delegitimize valid criticism of Clinton .	16	conflict.attack.n/a
He lost & was later convicted of war crimes .	5	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
In addition to vowing to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton and put her in jail , Trump has also pledged to “ open up our libel laws ” so when reporters write “ purposely negative and horrible and false articles , we can sue them and win lots of money . ” He has also talked of establishing a religious test on immigrants and about setting up a national stop - and - frisk program , despite the fact that policing policies are considered to be in the purview of state and local governments .	5	personnel.startposition.n/a
In 2013 , Trump implied that Snowden should be executed .	9	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Others chose to point to the court ’s lack of legitimacy and refused to engage with it — in the current era , another imprisoned Pussy Riot member , Maria Alekhina , made the act of turning her back to the court ’s video camera an art form ( she was meant to testify via an uplink from jail ) .	24	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
After Trump painted America as a downcast country in need of a billionaire savior , night after night of all - star DNC speakers preached a sermon of American exceptionalism , with values that unify us all – talking points once exclusively owned by Republicans .	24	contact.mediastatement.n/a
At some point , every high school civics student learns that taxes fund the government , which provides security and infrastructure , which allows us to have jobs and income in the first place , as well as live past the age of 30 .	29	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
" Eventually we 're going to break that system , " Trump vowed .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In comments to Europe 1 radio , Mr Ayrault said : " I am not at all worried about Boris Johnson , but ... during the [ referendum ] campaign he lied a lot to the British people and now it is he who has his back against the wall . "	31	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Israel scrambled warplanes in its airspace as a precaution in response to the hijacking , according to an Israeli military source .	13	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
2/7 Mauritania Men who are found having sex with other men face stoning , while lesbians can be imprisoned , under Sharia law .	18	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Before the rally in San Jose on June 2nd , I talk to a group of construction workers , each of whom is in some state of layoff : current , recent , chronic .	27	personnel.endposition.n/a
One of the mysteries of the MH-17 case has become why the United States after asserting that it possessed information implicating ethnic Russian rebels and the Russian government has failed to make the data public or apparently even share it with Dutch investigators who are leading the inquiry into how the plane was shot down and who was responsible .	53	life.injure.n/a
Daquq Mayor Amir Khodakram says an airstrike hit a funeral procession in the city center on Friday , killing 17 people , mainly women and children , and wounding another 50 .	9	contact.funeralvigil.meet
One - armed Chechen warlord Akhmed Chataev ( pictured ) has been named as the mastermind behind the Istanbul airport massacre , it has emerged	20	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Cotton , a leading proponent of an aggressive neoconservative foreign policy , was asked by Todd whether he is closer in foreign policy terms to presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton than Trump , who , while promoting a bombastic and confrontational foreign policy for the United States , has also called for the country to pull back from some international conflicts and commitments .	61	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
for their arrest , as if they went out and brought the police in to arrest themselves .	2	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Eventually the debate turned to abortion , and again Kaine quoted Trump .	2	contact.discussion.meet
Accounts of the controversial payments surfaced this weekend when The New York Times reported that Manafort 's name appears on a list of payments amounting to $ 12.7 million from 2007 to 2012 .	23	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Without any evident scruples , they individually betrayed the sacred traditions enshrined in the letter and spirit of their oaths of office , that precious heritage bequeathed to each of these seven masters of deception as successors to that high office exalted by the immortalized first president of the United States , the venerated George Washington .	19	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
The arcane federal pay law requires that Congress legislate a figure by the end of the year .	8	government.legislate.legislate
The world ’s oldest person , Susannah Mushatt Jones , a woman from New York City , has passed away at the age of 116 years and 311 days , according to NBC 4 New York .	18	life.die.nonviolentdeath
The language could cause problems for Saudi Arabia if the country is found to have links to 9/11 , when hijacked planes crashed into the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon outside of Washington .	20	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
A video , broadcast by an Arab network but seemingly shot by activists , showed several children being treated for injuries at a makeshift hospital .	3	contact.mediastatement.n/a
Other programmes deal with convicted paedophiles who have also been issued specific orders to seek medical care .	4	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Because she was not using a government account — or even a commercial account like Gmail — there was no archiving at all of her e - mails , so it is not surprising that we discovered e - mails that were not on Secretary Clinton ’s system in 2014 , when she produced the 30,000 e - mails to the State Department .	53	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
I 'm never voting for a political dynasty that incarcerated more Americans than any presidency in history , because unlike Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders does n't take prison lobbyist donations and addressed prison reform long before 2016 .	9	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Following the failed coup in July , U.S .- Turkish relations have suffered a downturn as Ankara demands that Washington extradite Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen , who it accuses of orchestrating the coup .	20	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
I ’m not voting in the presidential elections .	3	government.vote.castvote
Mr. O’Keefe has a history of selectively editing his videos to create misleading or false impressions .	12	contact.prevarication.broadcast
In 2014 , the Obama administration eased the decades - old arms embargo to allow its former Cold War enemy to buy maritime surveillance and " security - related " systems to strengthen it with China in mind .	23	government.spy.spy
Asked recently by Amy Goodman of “ Democracy Now ” if he does prefer Trump over Clinton , Assange replied , “ You ’re asking me , do I prefer cholera or gonorrhea ? ” Speaking to Bill Maher on Friday night from the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , where he has been effectively confined for more than four years , Assange joked about hacking Trump ’s tax returns , but added , “ from the perspective of WikiLeaks trying to protect its sources , you have really two very bad presidential candidates . ” In an address to the American Green Party convention on Saturday , Assange reiterated that both major party candidates for the presidency were “ horrific , ” but argued that “ it certainly does n’t make as much difference as people say , ” which of them gets elected .	108	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
The alt - right has been the topic of much discussion recently , especially after Donald Trump hired Steve Bannon from Breitbart to run his presidential campaign .	17	personnel.startposition.n/a
In March , EgyptAir Flight 181 en route to Cyprus was hijacked by a passenger claiming to be wearing a suicide belt .	11	conflict.attack.n/a
On June 9 , after days of outcry from human rights groups , Ban gave his news conference in which he essentially conceded that the decision to take the Saudis from the annex was made to protect U.N. financing , and not because of the merits of Riyadh ’s complaints .	32	government.formation.mergegpe
The cessation of hostilities agreement , the first of its kind since the Syrian civil war began in 2011 , is a less formal arrangement than a ceasefire .	4	government.agreements.n/a
The chair - throwing Bobby Knight backed Trump with the brass - knuckles encomium that Trump , like Harry Truman , would have the guts to drop the bomb .	3	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
Jorge Milton Cifuentes - Villa , Colombian drug trafficker , head of the Cifuentes - Villa Drug Trafficking Organization and partner of Joaquín “ Chapo ” Guzmán .	17	movement.transportartifact.n/a
Well , the world has to say it – remember that the Sudetenland was given in an attempt to appease Hitler to prevent world war two , ” he told the New York Times .	24	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The US State Department has accused Israel of using “ excessive force ” against Palestinians , adding that the Israeli Army killed Palestinians even when they did not pose extreme danger .	21	life.die.n/a
Both groups would give India greater access to research and technology . BrahMos Aerospace , co - owned by the Indian and Russian governments , said discussions were underway with several countries on missile exports , but it was too early to be more specific .	34	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
They point to the 2000 presidential election , when Democrat Al Gore Al GorePence calls hiring of counsel ' routine ' CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats OPINION : Do n't repeat the mistakes of Clinton and 1998 with Trump MORE lost to Republican George W. Bush in a very close race , which was at least partially because Gore lost many liberal votes to Ralph Nader .	30	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Clinton has admitted she was misled by the administration of President George W. Bush in supporting the invasion , but has argued that being right on one vote does n’t qualify you to become the next commander in chief , or assure you have the experience and know - how to deal with international crises .	5	contact.prevarication.correspondence
( Of course , given that Trump had said in the same interview that he ’d like the states to set a higher minimum wage , perhaps he meant that the states could compete by out - raising one another . )	24	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange fanned the flames by suggesting Rich was the group ’s source for embarrassing DNC emails the group published online , emails which lead to former chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ’s ( D - FL ) ouster .	8	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
​Alyona Pritula , the founder and chief editor of Ukrainskaya Pravda media outlet , was not inside the car at the moment of the explosion .	24	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
During the debate , a pop - up ad on conservative Breitbart.com appears to reflect the candidate ’s strategy at this point , trying to build on his anti - establishment candidacy and cult of personality .	2	contact.discussion.correspondence
The president of Americans for Tax Reform is the man behind the infamous pledge to not add a single new dollar in revenue to the U.S. government , which arguably brought down President Obama ’s attempts at a grand bargain with then - House Speaker John Boehner and brought us the fiscal cliff .	13	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
In Ukraine , would Clinton escalate U.S. military support for the post - coup anti - Russian Ukrainian government , encouraging its forces to annihilate the ethnic Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine and to “ liberate ” the people of Crimea from “ Russian aggression ” ( though they voted by 96 percent to leave the failed Ukrainian state and rejoin Russia ) ?	24	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Russian Foreign Ministry officials , however , said the guard , who was employed by the country 's main security agency , the FSB , was only doing his duty : protecting the embassy from what he deemed to be a suspicious person who , they said , was also wearing a disguise .	13	personnel.startposition.n/a
Photos : Deadly explosion in Istanbul Photos : Deadly explosion in Istanbul Police investigate the scene of an explosion in central Istanbul on Tuesday , January 12 .	9	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Clinton has also voiced her opposition to the Palestinian - led nonviolent campaign against the Israeli government called BDS — boycott , divestment and sanctions .	20	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Sammie , 27 , described how a jihadi tried to stab him in the chest and slashed	10	conflict.attack.stabbing
He does n’t lie . ” ) She , however , got to the heart of the matter : Russia wants Donald Trump to win .	3	contact.prevarication.n/a
Gaddafi was tortured and killed , largely due to Clinton ’s maneuvering in the Middle East and Libya .	2	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Israel ’s widespread practice of detaining Palestinian children , sometimes in the same prison facilities as adults , Israel ’s widespread practice of detaining Palestinian children , sometimes in the same prison facilities as adults , has been criticized as breaching the International Convention on the Rights of the Child , which Israel ratified in 1991 .	5	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
But Curiel 's parents immigrated from Mexico and that , Trump stated , means the judge can not rule in the Trump University lawsuits fairly .	4	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Royal Navy vessels are monitoring Russian warships as they pass through the Channel , potentially bringing supplies to the bombing campaign against the Syrian city of Aleppo .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
He said that countries who provide aid to Palestine , including the United States , are " complicit " in inciting terrorism because the Palestinian Authority uses foreign donations to subsidize terrorists and their families .	5	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
Now you can certainly raise objections to the tactic of boycotting Israel , and lots of people have , but to render it illegal depends upon this grotesque equating of an advocacy of a boycott of Israel with anti - Semitism and then saying that because anti - Semitism should be banned from universities or from private institutions , that it should be literally outlawed , to ban advocating the boycott of Israel , as well .	70	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
On Saturday , Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Turkey would take a more active role in Syria in coming months to stop it being torn along ethnic lines - an apparent reference to the YPG gains in northern areas .	24	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Trump has called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States and wants to put some mosques under surveillance following the attacks in Paris and San Bernardino , Calif.	19	government.spy.spy
( Never mind the fact that they ’re neutral and thus may also be providing aid to your own forces and innocent civilians caught up in the mix . )	14	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
" It looks like a completely controlled flight aside from the fact it was hijacked , " Petchenik said .	14	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
However , the same pharmaceutical firms that donated to the Clinton Foundation and sought the foundation - funded contracts Clinton described were also lobbying the State Department at the same time as some pursued taxpayer - funded contracts to do similar work .	7	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
He lined up plenty of big - money sponsors ; he assembled a team of ghostwriters , spin doctors , and door - to - door salesmen to run his campaign ; he had a PR firm design a catchy logo ; he practiced spouting the kind of empty rhetoric that sounds meaningful so long as you do n’t think about it for two minutes ; he took carefully calculated stands on a handful of hot - button topics , mouthed the conventional wisdom on every other issue , and set out to convince the voters that their interests would be harmed just a little bit less by putting him in the White House than by any of the alternatives .	11	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
Officially , the alliance has been charged with providing surveillance and combatting migrant smugglers .	9	government.spy.spy
Mr. Kolsky has planned to purchase dentures with the money , his entire life ’s savings , but would rather stop the potential for war from Hillary .	5	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In exchange US and EU economic sanctions and nuclear - related sanctions imposed by the UN will be lifted .	6	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
In January , Clinton 's lawyer David Kendall -- who called the situation a " slimefest " -- sent Podesta a series of documents related to Juanita Broaddrick , a woman who claims Bill Clinton raped her in 1978 .	35	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
MATTHEW HEIMBACH : I would dare anyone to go into the hollers of West Virginia , or Kentucky , or the communities that have been destroyed by globalism around this country , where the communities have literally been torn apart , and look in the eyes of white working - class men , women and children , and tell them that they have any power in this system whatsoever .	38	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
ARMAO : — to punch him in the face ?	4	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Two weeks later , he would be assassinated in Texas .	7	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Wildes was hired after a serious of reports questioning Melania Trump 's immigration history .	2	personnel.startposition.hiring
Iran offered Syrian president Bashar al - Assad and his family asylum in the Islamic Republic , from where he could continue to command his military campaign in Syria , Lebanon 's al - Mayadeen news reported Saturday .	11	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Multiple people on my Facebook feed ( millennials ) saying they are donating to @HillaryClinton after they witnessed @realDonaldTrump 's stunt — Emily Cahn ( @CahnEmily ) October 10 , 2016	12	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Trump has sought and received funding from Russian investors for his business ventures , especially after most American banks stopped lending to him following his multiple bankruptcies .	20	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
A source at the Department for International Development told The Sun : “ At around 10:45am on Wednesday at least seven airstrikes hit a complex of three UK - funded schools .	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The parties who have received Russian funding have not been revealed , but the list is thought to include a number of far - right organisations like Italy 's Northern League , Hungary 's Jobbik , Greece 's Golden Dawn and France 's Front National - which received a € 9 million ( £ 6.9 million ) loan in November 2014 from the First Czech Russian Bank , which is believed to have ties to the Kremlin .	57	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
He appealed for a new shipment of flares to be sent , somehow , to the distant outpost .	5	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Olson said that an immediate objective of the July 8 meeting was to reassure members of the refugee and Muslim communities that with the federal terrorism trial in United States v. Kurbanov scheduled to begin July 13 , “ law enforcement officers will be vigilant to protecting them against bias crimes . ”	26	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Illegal , smuggled abortion pills were her only chance .	2	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The United Nations said in a statement that it has received “ credible ” reports of people dying of starvation and being killed while trying to leave the town .	19	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The agreement was “ designed to establish greater transparency and predictability with regard to the activities of the Clinton Foundation in the context of Senator Clinton ’s service as Secretary of State . ” The agreement stated : ( emphasis mine )	1	government.agreements.n/a
The first casualty was a courier , shot and wounded in 2012 as he ran toward a smuggling route out of Syria with a suitcase full of documents .	17	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Americans want a strong leader , one who cares more about the safety and freedom of the American people than he does winning elections , or what the press might think .	22	personnel.elect.winelection
Brokered by Russia and the United States , the ceasefire deal does not include the fight against IS militants or Al Qaeda 's local Syrian affiliate , the Nusra Front .	9	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The West has primarily responded to the annexation and Moscow 's support of separatists in eastern Ukraine with economic sanctions .	19	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
A spokesman for the Dubai media office said the flight was arriving on schedule when it “ crash - landed ’ .	17	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Scared children huddle together as they try and escape the violence , while other fans are helped by stewards as they jump over railings	8	movement.transportperson.n/a
All 298 passengers and crew -- the majority of them Dutch -- died when Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was hit by a Russian - made BUK anti - aircraft missile while flying over war - torn eastern Ukraine on July 17 , 2014 .	35	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Seven people were arrested in connection with the gang rape : two Belgian nationals and five Iraqi migrants , it was reported by Russia Today which cited Belgian media .	3	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Putin agreed to Wednesday 's meeting of the NATO - Russia Council , only the second since mid-2014 , while also recently allowing a U.N. resolution authorizing the EU to intercept arms shipments to Libya in the Mediterranean .	32	movement.transportperson.disperseseparate
DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz was forced to resign her position as a result of the leaks .	8	personnel.endposition.quitretire
This follows the murder of Alexandra Mezher , who was stabbed to death at a refugee centre in Molndal , near Gothenburg on Sweden 's west coast .	10	conflict.attack.stabbing
" Turkey 's president is blackmailing the United States , " he wrote in a New York Times opinion piece .	5	contact.threatencoerce.meet
A network of secret offshore deals and vast loans worth $ 2bn has laid a trail to Russia ’s president , Vladimir Putin .	8	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
When Richardson resigned his post in protest at the President ’s attempt to interfere in judicial proceedings in such a blatant manner , Nixon instructed Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus to do his bidding .	2	personnel.endposition.n/a
And so we have all become rubberneckers , slowing down to view the car wreck as we pass it on the highway .	14	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
In 2013 , when Trump was asked under oath about his dealings with Sater , Trump acknowledged he had interacted with the man in the past but said , " if he were sitting in the room right now , I really would n't know what he looked like . "	8	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
" Although Thonmi Sambhota is known to have composed eight texts on Tibetan language and grammar " , he remarked , " only two , dealing with grammar , the Sumchupa and Takyi Jugpa , survive .	8	manufacture.artifact.n/a
End all subsidies for fossil fuels and impose a greenhouse gas fee / tax to charge polluters for the damage they have created .	19	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
Ted Cruz Ted CruzAccess to palliative care needs to stay in new health bill Dems step up attacks on GOP ObamaCare bill Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE ( Texas ) , James Inhofe James InhofeMcCain strikes back as Trump ’s chief critic Turbulence for Trump on air traffic control Parliamentarian threatens deadly blow to GOP healthcare bill MORE ( Okla. ) , Mike Rounds ( S.D.	63	conflict.attack.n/a
Meanwhile , the Washington Post editorial board published its own brief opinion of the GOP nominee , with the headline , “ It ’s beyond debate that Donald Trump is unfit to be president . ” The stakes of Monday night ’s debate could n’t be higher , the Post said .	42	contact.discussion.correspondence
Hide Caption 27 of 32 Photos : North Dakota pipeline protests Native Americans march to the site of a sacred burial ground on September 4 .	20	contact.funeralvigil.meet
In his address , His Holiness referred to the historic cultural and spiritual ties between Ladakh and Tibet and expressed his appreciation of the convening of the conference .	24	contact.discussion.meet
Several Chinese cities including Chongqing , Wuhan , Zhengzhou , Changsha and Shenyang have rail freight services to Europe .	15	movement.transportartifact.n/a
We think that both parties are — can be criticized for their immigration , or non - immigration , policies .	12	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
He said , back in 2006 , ‘ Gee , I hope it does collapse , because then I can go in and buy some and make some money . ’ Well , it did collapse . "	23	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
The latest Trump stunt has all the drama of a telenovela and the effectiveness of a train wreck .	17	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Every U.S. president from Richard M. Nixon to George W. Bush has vowed to make the country energy - independent .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
A few days after these negotiations , a subsidiary of Rosatom purchased “ 17 percent of Uranium One . ” Not even a year later the Russian government offered Uranium One stakeholders a “ generous offer , ” that would give the Russian agency a “ 51 percent controlling stake . ” The US government had to sign off first , a decision that must go through the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States , which includes executive members of the cabinet , the secretaries of the Treasury , Defense , Homeland Security , Commerce and Energy , and the secretary of state .	11	transaction.transferownership.purchase
[ Despite supposed withdrawal , Russia building up new base in Syria , Pentagon says ]	6	manufacture.artifact.build
The US treasury department sanctioned Badreddine in 2012 for his activities in support of the government of Assad in Syria , along with the group ’s leader , Hassan Nasrallah , and its head of external operations , Talal Hamiyah .	4	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The unit cost of the missile , fitted on Indian naval ships , is estimated at around $ 3 million . India has been steadily building military ties with Vietnam and is supplying offshore patrol boats under a $ 100 million credit line , its biggest overseas military aid . This week defence minister Manohar Parrikar held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart General Ngo Xuan Lich in Hanoi and both sides agreed to exchange information on commercial shipping as well as expand hydrographic cooperation , the Indian defence ministry said in a statement on Monday . A source at the defence ministry said India was hoping to conclude negotiations on the supply of BrahMos to Vietnam by the end of the year . The Indian government is also considering a proposal to offer Vietnam a battleship armed with the BrahMos missiles instead of just the missile battery , the source said .	111	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
I asked him why he thought Republican leaders in Washington continued to profess their support for Trump , even as they denounced his comments .	12	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
The annexation , of course , is bitterly contested by Ukraine and has been repeatedly condemned by the European Union and U.S. , which have slapped sanctions on the peninsula and on top Russian officials .	26	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
A few hours before , FBI Director James Comey blinked and said he would n't recommend criminal charges out of that email scandal of hers , the one where she used a private basement server for her email while she was secretary of state and dangled unsecure , top - secret information before foreign intelligence hackers .	15	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
“ We should be using all available tools to dissuade Russia from continuing its airstrikes in Syria that are clearly not in our interest , ” the senators wrote .	14	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Trump ’s business associates have included the likes of deceased Libyan dictator Muammar el - Qaddafi , according to Eichenwald .	9	life.die.nonviolentdeath
But the public punishment , the announcement of some mild economic sanctions , seemed highly ineffective .	11	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The president and his or her top nuclear advisers then convene an emergency telecommunications conference to receive a briefing about the size and character of an incoming raid and the time to impact , and a briefing from the Strategic Command about the president ’s response options ( war plan menu ) and their consequences .	10	contact.discussion.meet
The Boeing 777 was detonated over eastern Ukraine on July 17 , 2014 and killed 298 people , as it headed towards Kuala Lumpur ( file photo )	4	conflict.attack.bombing
Consider also the curious case of Victor Pinchuk , a Ukrainian steel magnate who donated over $ 8 million to the Clinton Foundation and had committed to giving as much as $ 20 million more to its initiatives .	14	transaction.transaction.giftgrantprovideaid
A Democratic operative thinks GOP obstruction could make it easier for Democrats to retake the Senate :	5	movement.transportperson.prevententry
2013 : The government begins bombarding rebel districts with barrel bombs , causing thousands of casualties	5	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Among the items are improvement of three Far Eastern ports — Vladivostok , Zarubino and Vostochny — as well as a ¥ 600 billion ( $ 5.8 billion ) project to construct a petrochemical plant near Vladivostok , according to the sources .	31	manufacture.artifact.n/a
A $ 6 m yacht was purchased by Sandalwood and shipped to a port near St Petersburg .	6	transaction.transferownership.purchase
" More likely , they had plenty but they decided to use it privately to good effect , whether we are talking about debts or blackmail . "	25	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Stein ’s claim that Clinton - esque neoliberal policies somehow had anything to do with Nazism was not only ahistorical and nonsensical , it cheapened the Holocaust to make a dishonest political point .	26	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Update : According to Wikileaks , that state party is Ecuador , which is quoted by the Guardian saying it will continue to uphold the political asylum granted to Assange in 2012 .	26	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
The report warned that by 2050 growing demand for water from both cities and agriculture will cause dramatic water shortages in regions where it is currently still in abundance , in addition , of course , to worsening shortages that already exist .	7	contact.commandorder.correspondence
Hide Caption 7 of 29 Photos : San Bernardino shooting A SWAT team mobilizes during the search .	9	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In 2000 , the head of a Russian commission of investigation conceded Wallenberg had been imprisoned in 1947 for political reasons by KGB agents in Lubyanka , where he eventually died , but declined to provide hard evidence or elaborate on the circumstances of his death .	15	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Trump suggests it and he ’s accused of treason .	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
In a bid to boost liquidity , China ’s central bank said it pumped $ 15 billion of funds into the market via a medium - term lending facility on Friday .	27	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Prepare for the what will unfold by purchasing the “ Now What — 2017 ” report .	7	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
FBI Director Comey said she should not be indicted .	8	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
He is on the record as having donated $ 31.1 m to the foundation in 2007 and , later that year , pledged a $ 100 m commitment to tackling poverty in conjunction with the Clinton foundation .	22	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
While he said there 's no way Lazar compromised Clinton 's emails , the hacker told Fox News in a telephone interview before reaching a plea deal with the Justice Department that it was " easy for me , for everybody ” to access the Clinton server .	20	contact.collaborate.correspondence
In 2012 , faced with a multiple count indictment , Kiriakou agreed to plead guilty to one count of violating the 1982 Intelligence Identities Protection Act for giving a reporter the phone number of a former CIA officer whose work for the spy agency was still classified .	14	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
The warplanes bombarded Daesh targets south of Tell al Hawa in northern Syria between 7:38 – 7:44 p.m. local time , the written statement said .	2	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
“ The most important thing is there is a bias for change and there ’s an NBC / Wall Street Journal poll where people express that bias even when they do n’t know what the change is going to be , ” said Geoff Garin , a pollster who worked for Clinton ’s 2008 presidential campaign and now advises Priorities USA , a pro - Clinton super PAC .	58	contact.requestadvise.n/a
This assertion is based in part on Baraka appearing on a radio show with and allowing an article of his to be published by a person who turned out to be a Holocaust denier .	32	life.die.n/a
Ambassador in Kiev on an insecure telephone !	6	contact.collaborate.correspondence
The 100 or so workers at the giant Seydin Machine Tool Factory , once the pride of the city during the Soviet era , have not seen a paycheck for a year and recently received layoff notices .	35	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
“ The US vicious nuclear threat and blackmail against the DPRK only resulted in bolstering up its nuclear attack capability hour by hour and the US mainland and the operational theatre in the Pacific are now within the striking range of the KPA , no matter how hard the US tries to deny it . ”	7	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
On Thursday morning a bomb detonated by remote control hit security forces travelling in a military vehicle on a road linking Diyarbakır to the district of Lice .	5	conflict.attack.bombing
One of the survivors of the Egyptian hotel terror attack has spoken for the first time about the moment a jihadist tried to stab him in the chest with a knife and slashed him in the neck four times .	9	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Colom was succeeded by a right - wing corrupt president who resigned for corruption and then was arrested .	11	personnel.endposition.n/a
Though happy with the resolution and its articulation of “ strong human rights standards ” Hughes states that it could and should go further as “ the global situation for freedom of expression online demands more specific and detailed commitment from states to address other priority issues . ” In future Human Rights Council resolutions , he stresses that states must tackle these more specific priority issues head on “ including abusive laws that target legitimate online dissent , government efforts to undermine anonymity and encryption , and attempts to exert undue pressure on private ICT actors to engage in censorship . “	34	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Guthrie asked Obama in the new interview if he thought Putin was encroaching on America 's November presidential election .	12	conflict.attack.n/a
The return of these three countries to financial independence has been said to be the first time a European country has stood up to the international fund , since Germany did so in the 1930s .	26	transaction.transferownership.n/a
And he had been caught with anthrax in 1995 by the UN inspections after denying that he had it .	12	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
He was then barred from using a luxurious Eastside penthouse because courageous real estate agent Jason Haber required him to send convicted Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset al - Megrahi back to Scotland in lieu of rent .	21	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The suit argues much the same , claiming that the Obama administration , by not gaining approval from Congress , violated the Property Clause of the US Constitution , and that NTIA lacks the statutory authority to cede control of DNS to ICANN .	20	government.agreements.violateagreement
Chataev - nicknamed ' One - Armed ' after he claimed one of his limbs was chopped off in prison - fled Russia 12 years ago , and won refugee status in Austria .	21	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
The OECD says the average homicide rate among the 36 countries is 4.1 per 100,000 people .	5	life.die.n/a
Trump also opposes many of the same trade policies that Sanders opposes , but Trump not only opposes an increase in the minimum wage , he has stated that , in his opinion , American workers are actually overpaid — an absurd notion that is offensive to working - class Reagan Democrats and blue - collar workers generally .	38	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
The video of the controlled explosion shows a considerable part of the building being destroyed in the blast .	5	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Francis offered an unvarnished assessment of Mexico ’s troubles , including the country ’s “ drug trade , exclusion of different cultures , violence and human trafficking . ” ( Joshua Partlow and Gabriela Martinez ) In Cuba , Francis met with Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill -- the first time two such leaders have met in centuries .	26	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
“ The area where it happened is a place we used to walk during Shabbat , and we do n’t go there anymore because we just do n’t feel it ’s safe . ”“We are worried about violence carried out by residents of these Arab towns , ” continued Schultz Sclair , a retiree originally from the US.“I often find young people walking around in groups – especially boys – intimidating ; and given the violence that we ’ve had , it ’s increasingly intimidating .	84	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
And outside of ISIS , our government wo n’t even tell us whom it ’s executing .	15	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
But , remember , Donald started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African - Americans , and he made sure that the people who worked for him understood that was the policy .	24	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
Repeal the unconstitutional provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act that give the president the power to indefinitely imprison and even assassinate American citizens without due process .	18	movement.transportperson.preventexit
The growing deserts have also added a new dimension to China ’s pollution problem , as giant sandstorms descend on the country from March to May , affecting cities such as Beijing , itself only a few hundred kilometers from the encroaching desert .	41	conflict.attack.n/a
On the political front , Manafort was paid handsome sums for years to advise a pro - Putin Ukrainian political figure , Viktor Yanukovych , who fled to Russia in 2014 after he was ousted as president in a political revolution .	34	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
It even advises soldiers should leave phones and iPads at home - as details of US troops operating in Ukraine have been hacked and used to smear them .	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Less than four years earlier , Trump had picked up the property at a bankruptcy auction for $ 41 million — meaning he made quite a tidy profit .	15	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
( AP ) Two New Hampshire state troopers who were caught on video repeatedly punching a suspect were arrested and charged .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Some 31 states offer voting via internet , email , or fax , but nearly all only allow it as an option for military families and Americans living overseas – a very small percentage of the electorate .	11	contact.collaborate.correspondence
" We 're not reimbursed fairly for what we do . "	4	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
This is how avian flu usually gets started ; when an outbreak of avian flu is detected the Chinese government quarantines the sick people , then kills millions of chickens in markets and on farms .	22	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Clinton promised during the October 13 , 2009 visit to Boeing Design Center Moscow that the U.S. Export - Import Bank ' would welcome an application for financing from Rosavia [ the airline ] to support its purchase of Boeing Aircraft , and I hope that on a future visit I 'll see a lot of new Rosavia - Boeing planes when I land in Moscow . '	37	transaction.transferownership.n/a
You walk down the street , you get shot .	8	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
By lending him billions — with loans for his real estate , his casinos , his airline and other businesses — they could fail if Trump went down .	6	transaction.transferownership.n/a
He indicted the rush to a new Cold War with China and Russia .	1	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
At one point , he even promised his rival that she “ would be in jail . ”	15	movement.transportperson.preventexit
He said that between the large , regular demonstrations against the Nicaraguan Canal and former Contra fighters taking up weapons again in the northern part of Nicaragua , the government may be trying to bolster its ability to respond to a potentially violent protest .	42	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The interview was featured prominently by RT and billed as an " exclusive . "	1	contact.discussion.correspondence
Caption Supporters — and protesting opponents — of Donald Trump show up in Cleveland , as well as campaign merchandise vendors .	4	conflict.demonstrate.n/a
He has presided over a steady uptick of executions of Iran ’s dissidents , as well as sexual and religious minorities .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
But Secretary of State John Kerry John KerryTillerson : ' My view did n’t change ' on Paris climate agreement CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats Kerry : New Iran sanctions may be dangerous MORE officially suspended negotiations with Russia over implementing such an agreement on Monday .	29	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
And voters will believe that it is House Republicans ’ plan to block progress : they have become synonymous with obstruction and gridlock .	20	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
As for Kaine 's claim about Trump and Pence 's position on the minimum wage , PolitiFact looked into it and deemed it " half true . "	14	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Rodchenkov accused the Russian government of funding , running and covering up a widespread doping programme at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics during an interview with The New York Times in May.	6	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Many have died in plane crashes .	5	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
Early in the mission , astronauts can experience disorientation , space motion sickness and a loss of sense of direction .	12	life.injure.n/a
Then last week , Trump ’s campaign staff watered down a pledge to help Ukraine defend its territory from Russian - backed rebels and the candidate told the New York Times he would not necessarily honor the NATO treaty commitment that requires the United States military to defend other member states from a direct attack by Russia .	11	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
Video posted to the Internet shows rescuers pulling a little girl from under the rubble of a building destroyed in an airstrike in a rebel - held area of Aleppo , Syria .	21	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urged Russia to " use all its influence " to ensure the Syrian government " delivers on its obligations "	5	contact.commandorder.meet
Just uttering the phrase War on Terror gives Washington license to invade and ransack any foreign state it chooses , as in Afghanistan and Iraq , where more than one million people were killed by US forces “ hunting down terrorists ” .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
Confronted with the full , disturbing array of evidence indicating Trump ’s unseemly coziness with a hostile foreign power , the Republican nominee ’s left - wing sympathizers revert to a timeworn tactic : accuse his critics of “ McCarthyism . ” While this accusation was once hurled at right - wing demagogues who flung irresponsible accusations of dual loyalty at liberals , today it ’s being hurled at liberals who cite very real evidence of dual loyalty on the part of a right - wing demagogue .	54	movement.transportartifact.nonviolentthrowlaunch
On YouTube there are a large number of gruesome execution videos that were filmed here .	9	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
But it also recalls a subplot to the race : Paul Manafort , Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman , previously advised pro - Russian politicians in Ukraine and other parts of Eastern Europe , including former President Viktor F. Yanukovych of Ukraine .	20	contact.requestadvise.n/a
" With all respect , Donald Trump is deceiving you , playing you for a chump , " Cruz said .	8	contact.prevarication.meet
Export bans on jet and rocket fuel included exemptions for " basic humanitarian needs " in conjunction with inspections , and for civilian passenger jets flying outside of North Korea .	18	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
from 1995 to 2000 and was convicted of being part of a scheme to obtain bank loans of around $ 600 million for fake government contracts and pocketing about $ 25 million .	6	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Russian fixed wing and Syrian regime helicopters continue to pound the city from the air and they are still striking Aleppo with artillery batteries outside the city .	19	conflict.attack.n/a
35 PHOTOS Orlando massacre vigils and tributes around the world See Gallery Trump gains slightly on Clinton after Florida attack - poll People gather in front of the US Embassy in Copenhagen to remember the victims at the nightclub Pulse in Orlando Florida on June 13 , 2016 .	3	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The President vehemently denied the allegations , saying , " I did not have sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky , I never told anybody to lie , not a single time . "	28	contact.prevarication.correspondence
When Summers reached out to top campaign staff and even Bill Clinton himself to offer financial policy advice during the Democratic primary , Podesta urged aides to reject it .	24	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
The presence of foreign troops however will only help factions like Taliban in “ recruiting young Muslim men , ” a former US Marine and State Department official , Matthew Hoh told RT .	14	personnel.startposition.n/a
U.S. and European Union sanctions to punish Russia for the land grab remain in place , though Moscow has made clear it has no intention of handing Crimea back .	10	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has confirmed that the class action lawsuit against the DNC for vote rigging is moving forward , implicating both Hillary Clinton and former chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz in legal proceedings .	33	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
Lots of citizens are arrested and imprisoned only because of their possible threats to the public security in spite of the strong oppositions expressed by some parties in the country .	6	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Photos : The ISIS terror threat Smoke rises above a damaged building in Ramadi , Iraq , following a coalition airstrike against ISIS positions on Saturday , August 15 .	20	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
Slaughter : Dozens of bodies were left lying on the Promenade des Anglais after the horrific attack last night , which left at least 84 people dead	0	conflict.attack.n/a
Mixed martial arts fighter Ivan ‘ JP ’ Cole has died aged 25 , with early reports suggesting he was shot while playing Russian Roulette .	20	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The flag is being auctioned off as a way to raise funds for the Parent Teacher Association .	4	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Russia and the Syrian government have come under intense criticism from the US in recent days over the strikes in Aleppo .	18	conflict.attack.bombing
' But let me make it clear - we do n't have anything against asylum seekers .	14	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
MacMahon recently represented former CIA officer Jeffrey Sterling , who was convicted of leaking classified information .	11	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
In fact , it is so old — and such a perennial temptation for socialist dictators — that there is an actual term for it in economic literature : import substitution .	29	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
Many think tanks also readily confer ‘ nonresident scholar ’ status on lobbyists , former government officials and others who earn their primary living working for private clients , with few restrictions on such outside work . ” http://nyti.ms/2b2RbDm	5	contact.discussion.correspondence
Mr. Comey , affirming a month ago to Congress , said that “ we have no premise to close she deceived the F.B.I.	20	contact.prevarication.n/a
Finally , I would say as many of been analyzing this , we did try to help the Libyans in addition to supporting their election , we had a number of high level of visitors going to Libya talking about helping them with their security , we help rid them of some chemical weapons that Qaddafi had acquired .	57	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Dear did shoot them , but the explosion never happened . "	2	conflict.attack.n/a
He says Rousseff has brought " economic chaos " on Brazil , but is facing his own series of proceedings related to corruption and money - laundering allegations .	19	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Despite US - led coalition airstrikes and the combined forces of the Iraqi Security Forces and Iranian - backed militias , ISIS has continued to seize territory and embed itself deeper into Iraq 's Anbar province .	25	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
The Rossiya 1 report suggested that Mr Navalny had been recruited to work for MI6 by UK hedge fund manager Bill Browder some time between 2006 and 2008 .	10	personnel.startposition.hiring
This heartbreaking picture shows the body of a mother killed in an airstrike cradling her dead baby next to the body of her young son .	9	life.die.n/a
Vega , 63 , was one of two Palm Springs officers shot and killed October 8 while responding to a domestic disturbance .	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Pope calls for an end to death penalty , asks for no sentence to be executed during the Holy Year of Mercy .	15	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
“ I ’m not confirming that we ’re investigating people associated with Mr. Trump , ” Comey told the House Judiciary Committee in September , after initially claiming the Clinton matter was closed .	8	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Dozens of people starved to death in Madaya , Syria , after the government enacted a blockade in July to cut off access to nearby Damascus .	14	government.legislate.legislate
Russia and Syria announced the opening of what they called humanitarian corridors for civilians and rebels wanting to surrender , but few people are reported to have used them , fearing they would be targeted .	3	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
Putin has been accused of poisoning Hillary ( Photo by Sean Gallup / Getty Images )	5	conflict.attack.n/a
But during Clinton 's time as secretary , she also advocated a powerful , important worldview : that the United States could be a force of good and progressivism across the world , advocating for human rights , development , and equality in nations that may not know any of those things .	33	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
“ If you represent one of these countries that has been insulted or attacked , you tend to react , ” said one Latin American diplomat attending the General Assembly .	13	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Yes , Donald Trump and other presidents can be charged with obstruction The authority given to the commander in chief does not include violating federal law.<p > With the recent leak that special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Trump for possible obstruction of justice , a new objection has arisen in the cable news echo chamber .	11	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
“ Saudi Arabia has also pledged to create an investigations commission to evaluate military targeting , ensure the protection of civilians , and investigate incidents of civilian harm during the conflict in Yemen , ” said the U.S. official .	27	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Kaine may have thrown the first punch — but Mike Pence repeatedly got the last word .	6	life.injure.n/a
Since the Spring of 2014 , Russia has carried out a policy of repression against all opponents of annexation ; has severely curtailed all rights and freedoms and imprisoned people on politically motivated charges .	28	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Russia 's Investigative Committee said one of the men was shot dead while attacking the post and the other was killed when he put up “ armed resistance ” .	10	conflict.attack.firearmattack
“ Our country ca n’t afford to protect the world anymore , and at least not get reimbursed for it , ” he said .	17	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Given that Isis had just executed a woman and her daughter for talking by mobile phone from a high building in Mosul to relatives in Erbil , his discretion about his identity is understandable .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
So not only does attacking medical facilities and personnel hamper the ability of that one facility and those personnel to provide aid to the regime ’s enemies , it also deters people in other areas of Syria from providing aid .	20	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
In the first of nine emails sent out directly before , during and minutes after the former secretary of state spoke to supporters in Columbus , Ohio , Trump 's campaign pointed out that Mark Zandi , an economist who Clinton pointed out in her address advised Sen. John McCain , had donated to the Democratic candidate and had his policies praised by the current administration .	46	contact.requestadvise.meet
And after President Barack Obama brought down the house on Wednesday night , they seemed to have formally surrendered , while still muttering that the system was rigged .	18	conflict.yield.n/a
Gift - gate : Hillary blasted former Clinton adviser Dick Morris when he alleged in a New York Post article that the former first lady had n’t disclosed “ three or four ” pricey handbags from designer Judith Leiber worth more than $ 3,000 each , five dresses received from the king of Morocco ( one of which Hillary was seen wearing ) , a gold bracelet Chelsea Clinton accepted in India and other gifts Hillary was given during the Clinton administration .	5	conflict.attack.n/a
Ronald Van der Plaat was sentenced to 15 years in prison in 2001 for repeatedly hanging his daughter , Tanjas Darke , up by her ankles and placing her head in a box with a padlock on as he raped her .	15	conflict.attack.n/a
One of the really big factors in this election , we are going to appoint Supreme Court justices who will be outstanding .	14	personnel.startposition.hiring
A series of follow - up meetings led to the signing of a treaty between the U.S. movement and the Gray aliens .	13	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
In April , he was extradited to the United States to face hacking charges and pleaded guilty in May before a federal judge in Alexandria , Va.	5	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The claim about the post " denying " the Nuremberg trials is based on the twisted logic that the trials did not mention Russia 's invasion of Poland .	19	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Egyptian authorities today said the dead attacker was a 21-year - old student from the Cairo neighbourhood of Giza as video emerged of his accomplice being questioned as he lay injured in the aftermath .	30	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Joseph Stalin ordered the “ liquidation ” of Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg — who saved tens of thousands of Hungarian Jews during the Holocaust — in 1947 , according to the diary of a former KGB chief .	23	life.die.n/a
As a matter of fact , I believed after 9/11 , there was reason to get much tougher about the fact that Saddam was blocking the inspections for weapons of mass destruction .	26	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
They have mostly remained quiet about Peres ' death , and do not plan to participate in his funeral because of Peres ' history in defense matters and his Zionism , which they say have had effects on the Palestinian people - while the senior Palestinian leadership , headed by Abbas , who is also the head of the PLO , will take part in the funeral .	18	contact.funeralvigil.meet
I used to see the 2.2 million incarcerated as simply criminals who had broken the law , but after meeting these people I realized the gangs inside are very much like the gangs in the White House . ” For example , in the film we see how D’Souza learned that most major crimes follow the procedure of plan , pitch , take , and deny .	7	movement.transportperson.preventexit
“ Bill Clinton has actually abused women and Hillary has bullied , attacked , shamed , and intimidated his victims .	17	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
Peace talks convened two years ago collapsed because the sides were unable to agree an agenda : Damascus wanted a focus on fighting terrorism , the term it uses for the rebellion , while the opposition wanted to discuss a transitional government .	2	contact.discussion.correspondence
As this narrative picked up steam , Fox produced a handy online " Millennials Guide to Bill Clinton 's 20 + Sex Scandals " ( The Washington Post later followed suit with its own " Millennials Guide " ) , while television pundits mused about how this would all play with young women .	8	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
The conference would be in May 2015 , a month after Clinton officially announced for president — but the State Department she once headed had accused Morocco of “ arbitrary arrests and corruption . ”	30	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
A 2008 Memorandum of Understanding between the Clinton Foundation and Valerie Jarrett , then - vice - chairwoman of President - elect Barack Obama ’s transition team attempted to limit and in some instances to ban foreign government funds to the Clinton Foundation and its many projects .	38	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Russia has very little debt , but sanctions have made it difficult for the country to borrow on international capital markets . Additionally , the ruble has fallen nearly 50 percent against the dollar since August 2014 .	16	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
It is no coincidence that the G20 country where she received most support was Mexico , which Mr. Trump has widely assailed as part of his incredible proposal to build a border wall .	21	conflict.attack.n/a
The intelligence community has for weeks been confident that hackers tied to Russian spy agencies were behind the DNC hack .	13	government.spy.spy
Turkey 's foreign minister also said that Putin asked Erdogan to take measures on products that are embargoed by Russia , but still reaches the country via Turkey .	17	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Her Oct. 11 statement was issued after the first email 's release on the question about the death penalty .	17	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
Tel Aviv police said the attacker began stabbing people near the entrance to the Jaffa Port , wounding a number people to varying degrees . He then escaped on foot in the direction of Tel Aviv , running between vehicles stopped on the road and stabbing motorists .	27	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
To avoid concerns about impartiality , Grassley and other prominent Republicans have pressed for Attorney General Loretta Lynch to appoint a special independent prosecutor to handle the Clinton investigation .	28	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
Clinton pressed Obama to escalate weapons shipments and training for anti - government rebels who were deemed “ moderate ” but in reality collaborated closely with radical Islamic forces , including Al Nusra Front ( Al Qaeda ’s Syrian franchise ) and some even more extreme jihadists ( who coalesced into the Islamic State ) .	6	movement.transportartifact.fall
It is not known whether Clinton or her top aides implicated in the FBI probe now hold active clearances — although several security clearance lawyers who spoke to The Hill think it ’s unlikely , since none are currently employed by the federal government .	39	personnel.startposition.hiring
Sources have said his health has suffered ever since he walked in four years ago , and there is a suspicion Assange , still unapologetic about his role in leaking government secrets , had pushed to leave because of illness .	39	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
Trump is already seizing on those figures by describing Clinton as “ Crooked Hillary , ” a nickname he hopes will be as successful as his primary attacks on “ Little Marco ” and “ Lyin ’ Ted . ”	3	transaction.transaction.n/a
Tasked with broadcasting the Kremlin 's point of view , both to Russians and the rest of the world , Mr Kiselyov told the BBC earlier this year that " the age of neutral journalism " had passed .	2	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Clinton was a member of the inner circle that advised President Barack Obama to take out Osama bin Laden .	9	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
But three months later , with American men and women still in harm ’s way — and under pressure from the progressive Left — they turned against the very war they had voted to authorize and , for the next five years , conducted a malicious propaganda campaign , worthy of the enemy , to discredit America ’s intentions and to obstruct our military mission .	61	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
In October 1998 in a bid to gain the release of Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard , an Israeli team led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to blackmail President Clinton with tapes of Clinton and Lewinsky .	27	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
The U.S. still has troops in Germany and Japan , with the permission of those nations , but it never confiscated their natural resources .	20	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
“ We are united in our efforts to deter and defend against North Korean provocations , ” Obama told reporters after the U.S.-Japan - South Korea meeting .	26	contact.collaborate.meet
The Russian Foreign Ministry stressed that US air strikes against Syrian government forces jeopardize the Syrian ceasefire deal reached between Moscow and Washington on September 9 .	16	government.agreements.violateagreement
@DebraMax is not the first to use the massacre at an Orlando gay Pulse nightclub to try to push LGBT people to vote for the overtly anti - Muslim Trump .	8	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
There were conflicting initial reports about the circumstances of the ensuing firefight .	11	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The original indictment notes that Seselj began his career in ultranationalist politics when he traveled to the United States in 1989 and “ met the chairman of the ‘ Movement of Chetniks in the Free World , ’ Momcilo Dujic , who on the day of the 600th anniversary of the Battle of Kosovo — 28 June 1989 — appointed him a Chetnik ‘ Vojvoda , ’ meaning a ‘ Duke ’ or leader . ” Having secured this endorsement , Seselj then collected funds to support his nationalistic activities from the Serbian - American diaspora .	59	personnel.startposition.hiring
WikiLeaks caused a fresh stir in July when it leaked emails showing US Democratic Party officials favouring Hillary Clinton over left - winger Bernie Sanders in presidential primary elections , forcing high - ranking party members to resign .	37	personnel.endposition.quitretire
And , when he is found out , he 's like that guy we have all met making wild claims at the bar , who when confronted by the truth quickly responds , ' I knew that . ' "	16	contact.discussion.meet
A spokesman said in a telephone interview Sunday that Mr. Reid did not believe it was his place to disclose national security information , which had been told to him in confidential briefings with senior intelligence and law enforcement officials .	5	contact.collaborate.n/a
Of the detained persons , 80 belonged to Karachi , 35 are from Lahore and the rest from Islamabad .	2	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Otto Warmbier came back to the United States last week in a coma , after being imprisoned in North Korea for 17 months .	16	movement.transportperson.preventexit
While members of the international community have rested the solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict on the discontinuation of illegal Israeli settlements and the establishment of a two - state solution , a number of Palestinian activists have criticized the two - state solution as improbable , unsustainable and unlikely to bring durable peace , proposing instead a binational state with equal rights for Israelis and Palestinians .	15	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Czech leaders , including President Milos Zeman , Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka , speakers of both chambers of Parliament and the foreign and defence ministers met Thursday and endorsed the new name .	25	contact.discussion.n/a
The importance of Saudi Arabia ’s role in funding Clinton is tremendous , as the Syria / Saudi relationship over the last half century is what this civil war is all about .	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Syria is in the grip of what Kerry called the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II , and more than 4.8 million people have fled the country .	25	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
If not for the efforts of Judge Rudolph Contreras to order the State Department to release emails , Hillary would have continued to destroy them and delay the investigation .	23	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
“ It is absolutely outrageous – though not surprising – that the Syrian government has continued to bombard and starve its own civilians .	17	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
It comes as pictures emerged of the three suicide bombers - seen smiling together just moments before they carried out the deadly massacre , killing 42 and injuring hundreds	22	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Trump 's explosive comments on the emails Wednesday , during a news conference apparently called to try to commandeer media coverage focused the Democratic convention , were not confined to the two email sagas .	18	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The new president will be inaugurated on 20 January 2017	5	government.formation.n/a
Just as Trump talks ominously about Mexican “ rapists ” and tens of thousands of “ illegal immigrants ... roaming free ” in the land , Putin won early popularity by vowing to dispense with terrorists from the Caucasus : “ We will ice them in their shithouses . ” Trump is , after all , a kind of parody of Putin : the bluster , the palaces .	19	movement.transportperson.n/a
“ The US vicious nuclear threat and blackmail against the DPRK only resulted in bolstering up its nuclear attack capability hour by hour and the US mainland and the operational theatre in the Pacific are now within the striking range of the KPA , no matter how hard the US tries to deny it . ”	7	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
An English fan is arrested in Marseille after supporters clashed with police prior to England 's opening game against Russia on Saturday	9	conflict.attack.n/a
John Podesta , her campaign chairman , said in a statement : " It turns out Trump did n't just choke , he got beat in the room and lied about it . "	29	contact.prevarication.meet
He was the first US senator to join House Democrats boycotting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s speech before Congress .	10	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
The founder of Ukrayinska Pravda , Georgiy Gongadze , was an investigative journalist who was murdered 16 years ago , his decapitated body discovered in a forest outside Kiev .	21	life.die.n/a
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel is monitoring Iran and will report any violation of the nuclear agreement .	17	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
But they are evenly split on whether he was motivated by altruism or politics : 45 percent say he did it because he thinks it is the right thing to do , while 42 percent say he did it because it would help Democrats win elections .	44	personnel.elect.winelection
WASHINGTON , Oct. 10 ( UPI ) -- President Barack Obama included North Korea on a list of countries that are suspected of human trafficking violations .	24	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
Clinton also noted that Syria had “ the fourth - biggest army in the world , ” along with “ very sophisticated air defense systems ” that had gotten even more sophisticated because of Russian imports .	35	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
After purchasing thousands of dollars in outdoor supplies from area sporting goods stores and requesting the weapons and equipment the team would need in Afghanistan , the six men spent the remainder of October bouncing between the CIA ’s Camp Peary — better known as The Farm — in Williamsburg , Va. , and the agency ’s headquarters .	1	transaction.transferownership.n/a
“ In the U.S. , one of the world ’s great democracies , maybe the greatest democracy , where democracy was born , before the French one , we see some excesses that are sickening , ” Hollande said in Paris during the annual meeting with the presidential press .	44	contact.collaborate.meet
At the time , the U.S. had a sweeping embargo in place which prohibited Americans from doing business with Iran , including receiving rent payments .	9	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Two alleged hackers arrested over WikiLeaks publications . Young activists in the US .	3	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Before the war , Caesar and his colleagues had documented crime scenes and traffic accidents involving military personnel in Damascus .	14	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
The Bank said it expected the growth rate in the Middle East and North Africa region to more than double as a result of the ending of sanctions against Iran and an end to declining oil prices .	27	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
But the suits will first bring publicity to the activities , and second get these parties on record stating that they do not plan on engaging in voter intimidation , which itself could be useful in the event of problems on election day .	27	government.vote.n/a
Britain 's Guardian newspaper said the documents showed a network of secret offshore deals and loans worth $ 2 billion led to close friends of Russian President Vladimir Putin .	15	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Most recently , an Associated Press investigation reported four separate incidents where Moldovan police broke up smuggling attempts involving nuclear materials linked to Russian organized crime — one of which involved an attempt by a Russian gang to sell nuclear material to the Islamic State .	16	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
This recent Feb. 6 event unleashed an energy equivalent of 13,000 tons of TNT exploding instantaneously ( a.k.a .	14	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
The statement says that policy “ also covers alleged sources who were deceased . ”	12	life.die.nonviolentdeath
It said all three crew members and two military officers on board died .	12	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
As part of the counterprogramming provided by the Republican National Committee , Giuliani appeared at a boxing club where The Wrestler was filmed , to assail the Democratic nominee .	25	conflict.attack.n/a
Martin Steltner , a spokesman for Berlin 's prosecutor 's office , said that it had opened an investigation against a man on possible statutory rape charges .	25	life.injure.n/a
Foreign secretary urges Turkey to further stem flow of Syrian migrants Read more	2	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
Beginning in the Eisenhower administration , the CIA made large payments to King Hussein , who ruled Jordan from 1952 until his death in 1999 , in exchange for permission to run numerous intelligence operations on Jordanian soil .	10	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
" One coach was robbed of his wallet which contained a credit card , and he also lost his team blazer which he was carrying over his arm at the time .	4	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
They have mostly remained quiet about Peres ' death , and do not plan to participate in his funeral because of Peres ' history in defense matters and his Zionism , which they say have had effects on the Palestinian people - while the senior Palestinian leadership , headed by Abbas , who is also the head of the PLO , will take part in the funeral .	18	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
The grim tally from the Syrian Center for Policy Research ( SCPR ) represents a dramatic increase from the total of 250,000 fatalities often cited by the United Nations , which stopped independently counting Syria ’s war dead early in 2014 .	22	life.die.n/a
Hamada and his friends were excited by the prospect of revolution , and every Wednesday they began meeting inside the neighborhood mosque , the Othman bin Affan , to organize protests that would take place after Friday prayers .	17	contact.discussion.n/a
White House to American children : Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs ; union - wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras	8	personnel.endposition.n/a
Some ( far from all ) had been touched by financial hardship — a layoff was common in many stories — and ( paradoxically , given their feelings about socialism ) felt that , while in that vulnerable state , they ’d been let down by their government .	14	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
The U.N. special envoy for Syria , Staffan de Mistura , said humanitarian agencies hoped to implement the first phase of the agreement , calling for humanitarian deliveries of aid to besieged communities , where people have been starving to death , “ within the coming days . ”	38	life.injure.n/a
When his attempts to fully ban Russian engines – and thus put ULA out of business – failed ( the final text did not include commercial launches and exempted the engines already purchased ) he tried to limit the amount of future purchases .	42	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
In 2007 she said , “ As president , I will not support driver ’s licenses for undocumented people and will press for comprehensive immigration reform that deals with all of the issues around illegal immigration , including border security and fixing our broken system . ” In 2015 she said that she now supported state policies to provide driver ’s licenses to undocumented immigrants and came out in support of a path to citizenship .	35	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
This has actually been the case not only since the Party that Assad leads , the Ba’ath Party , was the subject of a shelved CIA coup - plot in 1957 to overthrow and replace it ; but , actually , the CIA ’s first coup had been not just planned but was carried out in 1949 in Syria , overthrowing there a democratically elected leader , in order to enable a pipeline for the Sauds ’ oil to become built through Syria into the largest oil market , Europe ; and , construction of the pipeline started the following year .	45	conflict.attack.n/a
Last week , U.S. Judge Loretta Biggs issued a preliminary injunction , saying North Carolina likely violated the National Voter Registration Act .	10	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
“ This is a race against time , as fighting rages on , with ever more shocking reports of bombed hospitals and wrecked schools , ” O’Brien said .	22	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
And freedom of information laws want official communications to be accessible so that , if the details do n't compromise national security , lawmakers and other citizens can inspect them .	28	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
As Clinton becomes increasingly paranoid and detached from reality in her public statements , some analysts have suggested it is all a campaign tactic or evidence of senility .	17	contact.requestadvise.n/a
While no attacks have rivaled 9/11 , we saw at least 45 thwarted terror plots in the first ten years after the destruction of the World Trade Center and in the last year alone suffered horrific losses in the San Bernardino and Orlando slaughters .	43	conflict.attack.n/a
The UK has said its policy is to provide aid money to neighbouring countries so that they can support refugees closer to home .	8	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
It showed she and her husband , Bill , paid 30.6 per cent of their $ US10.6 million earnings in federal income tax .	21	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
This system is “ easy to manipulate ” to create a malfunction that could lead to an explosion , Polyakov said .	17	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
In an interview to Iranian magazine Tehran Foreign Policy Studies Quarterly on Wednesday , the Syrian president argued that the US resort to force every time it fears a challenge to its clout and ability to control the international agenda unilaterally .	2	contact.discussion.n/a
While all sources are , of course , confidential , the freelancer who authored the story , David Freedlander rejects the suggestion that the campaign had anything to do with the story ’s inception or execution , and this email in no way states otherwise .	35	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
But the two powers were quick to accuse each other of violating the ceasefire , and Moscow has long opposed the US position of supporting and arming what it calls moderate rebels to fight ISIS .	13	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
Regardless , the State Department said it found no evidence that the document was ever sent via unsecured fax .	18	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Following the attack , Israeli troops sealed off Bani Naim and began preparations to demolish Tarayreh 's home .	14	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Thamina Stoll , 22 , of Durham , North Carolina , who is in Munich on a summer internship , filmed people fleeing the shopping centre during the attacks from her grandmother 's apartment .	28	life.injure.n/a
Trump has hammered the issues for months , blaming trade deals like the Trans - Pacific Partnership and the North American Free Trade Agreement for the loss of thousands of middle - class manufacturing jobs , and undocumented immigrants for crime and a decline in law and order .	23	government.agreements.n/a
" Many other users cursed Koteich , claiming that he should be incarcerated for being an Israeli agent . Koteich anchors DNA , a daily show broadcast on the Lebanese Future Television Network .	12	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Troops were deployed last year to help contain a massive woodland blaze in Saskatchewan , but Goodale said Sunday it was best to leave the current disaster to full - time firefighters .	11	conflict.attack.setfire
But Omar Mateen , who on Sunday carried out the deadliest terrorist attack in the United States since 9/11 , is an American citizen who was born in New York to parents who immigrated to the United States from Afghanistan .	33	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
At the final presidential debate in Nevada on 20 October , Mrs Clinton outlined her support for the measure .	4	contact.discussion.correspondence
The authors should be reminded that Russia , with its presence in Syria , has created what we established for the defense of Western Europe during the Cold War years : a tripwire that if crossed leads automatically to war , and in the nuclear age with possible terminal consequences .	15	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
It was both fitting and chilling that the centerpiece of the second presidential debate was Donald Trump ’s threat to imprison his opponent .	20	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
“ This is damning on two counts — that she intended to disregard the protection of security information , and that she had personal business to conceal . ”	26	movement.transportartifact.hide
“ Where stones were scarce , as they were in the soil of Kazimierza Wielka region , chambers were constructed from wood . ” The structures – like the pyramids in Egypt – are heavily influenced by astronomy and are placed along the east - west line , with the entrance to the tomb ’s chamber always on the east side .	19	manufacture.artifact.build
I mean , I would have kept it , because , look : Iran has the oil , and they ’re going to have the oil , well , the stuff they do n’t have , because Iran is taking over Iraq as sure as you ’re sitting there .	39	government.formation.mergegpe
Clinton cited her endorsement by 110 retired generals and admirals , including 15 within the past 48 hours .	6	personnel.endposition.quitretire
We must be able to provide aid impartially and safely , ” said Marianne Gasser , head of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Syria ( ICRC ) .	5	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
They were jailed for 19 years last August .	2	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
Local authorities have previously hired the groups to work as neighborhood patrols .	4	personnel.startposition.n/a
We now know that Hillary Clinton mishandled classified information in a manner that would result in any other American being prosecuted , potentially incarcerated and certainly prohibited from ever obtaining federal employment ever again , let alone hold a security clearance .	23	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Well I have to say everybody is going to get brutalized , the two nominees are going to be pretty battered and bruised are they not .	22	life.injure.n/a
China 's Defense Ministry said in a fax that it was looking into reports on the incident .	7	contact.collaborate.n/a
The Syrian ceasefire is breaking down in Aleppo , as the deal brokered by Russia and the United States shows signs of strain .	2	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
If Trump rides into office demanding a 15-foot - high border wall , the logic goes , he can " compromise " on a 10-foot one .	5	contact.commandorder.broadcast
Another , from October 2012 , suggests a payment to Mr. Manafort of $ 400,000 for exit polling , a legitimate campaign outlay .	8	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Obama had business at the White House Monday evening when he met with congressional leaders , and is due to meet Burmese State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi in the Oval Office on Wednesday .	11	contact.discussion.meet
“ As a result , Daesh barbarians , like other criminal regimes , have increased other forms of trafficking .	18	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
But her basic principles were familiar ones in the Obama era : strong military alliances , a willingness to negotiate with enemies , a desire for multilateral action but without taking unilateral military action off the table .	19	contact.discussion.n/a
Police arrived in armoured vehicles and fired tear gas canisters , while wounded protesters were taken away on stretchers , witnesses said .	12	life.injure.n/a
If somebody in this audience gets whacked , or gets hurt , including me , you get hit a little bit .	10	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
After intense negotiations , Iran agreed to a nuclear deal that closes every single one of its paths to a nuclear weapon , and Iran is now being subjected to the most comprehensive inspection regimen ever negotiated to monitor a nuclear program .	33	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
Obama indicated Monday he was wary of meeting with Duterte , suggesting the bombast could prevent making substantial progress between the two nations .	11	contact.requestadvise.meet
On Wednesday , an American spokesperson for the coalition told VICE News that it was " aware of reports of civilian casualties and can confirm the Coalition conducted airstrikes in al Hasakah province recently . "	28	conflict.attack.n/a
At a rally in Turkey , Erdoğan described MPs who backed the Armenia motion as " the long arm of the separatist terrorists in [ Turkey ] " , in remarks broadcast on state television .	31	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Argument Over Starbucks Latte Error Escalates Into Stabbing ( 00:48 )	7	conflict.attack.n/a
Hide Caption 9 of 14 Photos : Terrorist attack in Tunisia Hide Caption 10 of 14 Photos : Terrorist attack in Tunisia A medic stands next to the body of a tourist .	8	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
In 2009 , Polish Foreign Miniser Radoslaw Sikorski called for it to be demolished , saying it would be cathartic for Poland to symbolically bury the Soviet era .	13	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
A former trucking official who had been convicted and incarcerated as a teenager for serious crimes , Yanukovych had become a popular symbol of the corruption that plagues Ukraine after his team tried to rig the 2004 presidential election .	9	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Churkin said large consignments of explosives are often transported by water , especially the Euphrates River .	8	movement.transportartifact.n/a
The former secretary of state flatly said " No , " when asked in an ABC News interview whether she 'd be willing to accept the Mexican president 's invitation to visit the country , as Trump did last week .	17	contact.discussion.meet
What he is referring to is China building airstrips in the Spratly Islands , which are the subject of a dispute with the Philippines - a dispute without priority until Washington pressured and bribed the government in Manila and the Pentagon launched a propaganda campaign called " freedom of navigation " .	7	manufacture.artifact.build
“ Politics is like sausage being made .	6	manufacture.artifact.n/a
" By playing tonight , you are showing the world that we will not be intimidated by threats , acts of violence or assaults ... The game will go on , " President Donald Trump said in a broadcasted statement before the game .	15	contact.threatencoerce.correspondence
Pro - Kurdish protests in Istanbul turn violent as demonstrators clash with police	10	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Marina Lonina pleaded not guilty Friday to multiple charges including rape , kidnapping , sexual battery and pandering sexual matter involving a minor .	4	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The suits ask the judges to bar activities that could lead to voter intimidation .	12	government.vote.violationspreventvote
In March of this year , an Istanbul court accepted an indictment of Aydin Dogan , chairman of the Dogan Group , on charges he engaged in a fuel smuggling .	29	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
-- “ Unprompted , White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Wednesday mentioned Sen. Timothy M. Kaine as someone [ the president ] would recommend to Clinton , " Anne Gearan and Juliet Eilperin report .	24	contact.requestadvise.broadcast
( Clinton does not face criminal charges for using private email servers as the secretary of state , even though the FBI said she was " extremely careless " in handling classified information . )	6	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.n/a
Police are investigating the incident as a hate crime .	2	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
10/10 Palestinian youth burn tyres during clashes with Israeli soldiers close to the Jewish settlement of Bet El , in the West Bank city of Ramallah , after Israel barred Palestinians from Jerusalem 's Old City as tensions mounted following attacks that killed two Israelis and wounded a child	46	life.injure.n/a
The flare - attack was one of the most shocking sights of the clashes , which has seen property damaged and a fan dumped into the sea by a French gang .	13	conflict.attack.n/a
It ’s establishing a dialogue with the Russians that begins to put us on the same page here and move us in the same direction .	4	contact.discussion.n/a
Health workers said the 4 am attacks at the M2 killed two staff members and a civilian whose heart was pierced by shrapnel .	20	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
In 2014 , its fighters killed hundreds of members of the Sunni Shaitat tribe in Deir Ezzor province after they opposed the militants .	5	life.die.n/a
But Fred Trump made out many other loans to his son until his death in 1999 , including a $ 70 million construction loan for the Grand Hyatt and a $ 3.5 million casino chip loan to bail out Trump ’s struggling gaming empire , the Washington Post Fact - Checker reported .	7	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
The 28-nation EU imposed its Crimea sanctions in July 2014 and then tightened them in December 2014 , banning EU citizens from buying or financing companies in Crimea , whose annexation has prompted the worst East - West stand - off since the Cold War .	22	transaction.transferownership.purchase
In less ambitious news , CRRC also announced plans to develop maglev trains that travel at just 200 km / h , hoping to provide a more energy conscious form of medium to high - speed transport around the globe , as well as high - speed trains that can run at 400 km / h and alternate between different track gauges , making crossing borders a breeze , Xinhua reports .	36	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
Most significant , in the past decade , Putin has invaded two neighbors , Georgia and Ukraine — including annexing Crimea , the first major land grab in Europe since World War II .	25	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
Please understand this : I 've never taken the Never Trump blood oath .	12	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
And she advocated for keeping a residual troop force in the country rather than a more complete withdrawal . )	2	contact.requestadvise.meet
" The West would argue , ' It takes one country to annex Crimea , ' " I respond .	12	government.formation.n/a
Shortly after , police began evacuating the building , citing a bomb threat .	5	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Ukraine ’s newly formed National Anti - Corruption Bureau , which obtained the ledger , said in a statement that Manafort ’s name appeared 22 times in the documents over five years , with payments totaling $ 12.7 million .	34	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
So far , Trump ’s untraditional moves have only expanded his support , but his threatened boycott leaves him open to criticism that for all his tough talk he is ducking face - to - face confrontations with his opponents and scrutiny from the Fox moderators .	16	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Morell was also a co - author of a “ rebuttal ” to the Senate Intelligence Committee torture report .	17	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Wednesday : The Post reports it has obtained a recording of House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy saying last year that he thinks Vladimir Putin pays Trump .	7	transaction.transferownership.purchase
But since the 2014 Russian intervention in Ukraine , which prompted a wide range of US sanctions against Russian officials and businesses close to Putin , harassment and surveillance of US diplomatic staff in Moscow by security personnel and traffic police have increased significantly , State Department press secretary John Kirby confirmed to me .	16	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Scores of lawsuits claimed the buyers were deceived into believing Trump was the developer .	7	contact.prevarication.correspondence
Children slaughtered , girls sold into slavery , men and women burned alive .	1	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
An email from late April with the subject line “ per agreement … any thoughts appreciated ” shows that Vogel sent an advanced copy of a story about Hillary Clinton ’s fundraising to the DNC even before his editor even saw it .	1	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Trump himself has openly boasted that Sanders ' lines about Clinton 's paid speeches would be useful fodder in a general election bout , even as the Vermont senator has vowed to do everything in his power to keep the presumptive Republican nominee from the White House .	30	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
· Isis India Rivera , 18 of Asheville – Resist , delay , obstruct an officer	13	movement.transportperson.prevententry
The pugilistic Reid , who plans to retire after finishing out this term in Congress , penned a blistering letter to Comey Sunday , accusing the FBI chief of holding back “ explosive ” information about Donald Trump ’s close Russian ties while possibly violating the Hatch Act by reviving the Clinton email investigation .	44	government.agreements.violateagreement
May 20 , 2016 - Two members of the Egyptian security forces were killed when a roadside bomb detonated close to their vehicle near the town of Al - Arish , in northern Sinai .	18	conflict.attack.n/a
Among other issues that critics cite in saying that the 68-year - old Clinton is suffering from health problems are the fact she suffered a concussion in December 2012 after fainting from dehydration .	32	life.injure.illnessdegradationhungerthirst
The goal is clear : intimidate us into backing down ; intimidate journalists from talking to us ; smear the administration and major media as liars and paid tools .	11	contact.threatencoerce.meet
Others chose to point to the court ’s lack of legitimacy and refused to engage with it — in the current era , another imprisoned Pussy Riot member , Maria Alekhina , made the act of turning her back to the court ’s video camera an art form ( she was meant to testify via an uplink from jail ) .	58	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Paying the loan back early has meant Hungary have saved € 11.7 million worth of interest expenses , but Gordan Bajnai , leader of the electoral alliance E14-PM , claimed that they had actually lost € 44.86 million by March 2014 because of the early repayment as all they did was replace the loan from the International Mafia Federation ( another nickname , we ’re still talking about the IMF here ) with a more expensive one , labelling the stunt as Propaganda .	53	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Captain Khan , killed 12 years ago , was a hero , but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our " leaders " to eradicate it !	28	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
There is as much talk of layoffs in Houston as there is in Calgary .	6	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
An exercise in May involved a fake suicide bomber ' detonating ' explosives inside Manchester 's sprawling Trafford centre , sending 800 ' victims ' running for cover .	10	conflict.attack.bombing
Smith died the next day at a hospital .	1	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Second , Trump is perhaps willing to advocate and celebrate acts of espionage by foreign adversaries when they are convenient for his own domestic interests .	7	contact.requestadvise.correspondence
“ We are not treating Russia and China as major powers that can cause us a great deal of damage , ” he said .	19	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
In her DNC speech , Clinton said she believed that “ Wall Street can never , ever be allowed to wreck Main Street again . ” But in a 2013 speech to Goldman Sachs , Clinton seemed to doubt that Wall Street had ever “ wrecked Main Street ” in the first place :	20	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.n/a
Trump went on to cast aspersions on everything from Obama 's birth name to his academic credentials , but if indeed Trump 's allegations were true ( which the evidence suggests they are not ) the president would be guilty of violating Article II of the Constitution and it could potentially plunge the country into a crisis .	39	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
But those plans have stalled as people continue to become sick and die in Madaya — subject to one of the tightest sieges of the war , including what the United Nations calls “ credible reports ” of people being shot as they try to escape .	40	life.die.n/a
Moscow said it was acting on the will of the Crimean people , who voted to join Russia , but Western governments say it was an illegal land grab .	27	transaction.transaction.transfercontrol
TVOne host Roland Martin introduced Ricky Jackson , who had been wrongly convicted of murder back in the 1970s , when he was a teenager .	12	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
The U.N. agency that provides aid to Palestinians reported that there were 297,500 Palestinians in Area C in 2014 .	4	transaction.transferownership.n/a
Japanese banks lent Doha funds for the down payment , said a French executive and a financial specialist who declined to be identified .	2	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
Clinton 's campaign is running an ad in Connecticut featuring the daughter of the slain principal at Sandy Hook Elementary :	14	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
If Hillary Clinton is guilty of anything , it ’s that she is so often too guarded about what she says and does , anticipating that her political enemies will try to make hay of anything and everything they can , as often as they can , for as long as they can .	4	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
The software , a set of digital tools , is being auctioned by a group that says it stole the cyber weapons from another group allegedly linked to the NSA .	11	transaction.transferownership.purchase
" No bank is too big to fail , and no executive is too powerful to jail . "	16	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
He had worked out a settlement in which they agreed that they would n’t cooperate with the district attorney , which sounds like obstruction of justice to , I think , anyone who read the story .	23	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Turkish officials say the scale of the crackdown , which has broad popular support at home , is justified by the gravity of events on July 15 , when rogue soldiers commandeered tanks , fighter jets and helicopters , bombing parliament and government buildings in their attempt to seize power .	31	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
The newspaper said that seems to be the case with the Trump Ocean Club International Hotel & Tower in Panama , noting that in the Mossack Fonseca files , it is the most frequent association with Trump ’s name , “ since his business partners in the project appear as buyers of condo units , some of whom create offshore shell companies with Mossack Fonseca for the purchase . ”	67	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Somali media reported one pirate as saying : “ In future , if we capture Russians they will meet the same fate as those they executed . ”	25	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
In Syria , hundreds of thousands of civilians have died and millions have been forced to flee as refugees .	16	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
" This appears to be a deliberate attack on a health structure , and we condemn this attack in the strongest possible terms , " said Massimiliano Rebaudengo , MSF 's mission chief .	7	conflict.attack.n/a
Some online polls were hijacked by creationists in Turkey to alter the outcome .	4	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
THE MEMO : For Trump , danger signs in the polls McAuliffe touts buildup of cyber defenses in the states MORE is the Democratic nominee and Marco Rubio Marco RubioOvernight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays Senators ask administration to probe possible Russian takeover of Citgo Week ahead : Obama DHS chief to testify on Russian meddling MORE is her Republican counterpart .	78	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.trialhearing
The UN estimates a further three million are at risk of being mutilated .	12	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
September 24 , 2015 - A bomb blast at the Al Bilaili mosque in Sanaa , Yemen , kills at least 29 people .	18	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The National Security Agency leakmeister tweeted Tuesday that the auction of malicious software files allegedly stolen from the NSA may actually be diplomatic signaling by Russia .	9	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Donald Trump and his surrogates hint at a mysterious " illness " afflicting rival Hillary Clinton .	10	life.injure.n/a
Mike Pence Mike ( Michael ) Richard PenceDems threaten to gum up Senate over ' secret ' ObamaCare bill This week : Senate plots path on healthcare Pence family adopts new kitten , puppy MORE , has had to sweep up Trump ’s messes on both occasions .	8	contact.threatencoerce.n/a
( Just yesterday , the New York Times reported the existence of a handwritten ledger documenting $ 12.7 million in payments to Trump 's campaign manager , Paul Manafort , from Ukraine 's pro - Russian deposed president , Viktor Yanukovych ) .	20	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
Bernie Sanders departs his Capitol Hill house yesterday to walk with his wife Jane to his campaign headquarters .	9	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
It is only some small comfort that the man who hijacked Egyptair flight MS181 was bluffing .	10	conflict.attack.n/a
The nuclear deal permits Iran access to that $ 100 billion after the International Atomic Energy Agency verifies it has implemented nuclear - related measures under the agreement — except under the agreement , they will block access from other actors to cash in on its exclusive economic cooperation with Moscow to construct as many as six reactors .	27	government.agreements.violateagreement
Boycott them all .	0	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Russia , a close ally of Syrian President Bashar Assad ’s government , said last Thursday it was ready to back the UN call for weekly 48-hour cease - fires in Aleppo , provided aid convoys travel to both rebel - controlled and government - controlled parts of the city .	33	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Riots in Hungary , death off the Italian coast : Every day , there are stories of “ immigrants ” from North Africa and the Middle East drowning when their small , overcrowded boats sink .	27	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Agence France - Presse reported that one of the people being held was arrested on Friday , while three others were detained on Saturday morning .	21	movement.transportperson.preventexit
Much of what was previously known about conditions in regime prisons came from a horde of more than 50,000 photographs depicting dead and abused prisoners that were smuggled out by a government defector in 2013 .	27	movement.transportperson.n/a
At least 18 of the 31 trucks in the convoy were hit in the strike , which is believed to have been carried out by either Syrian or Russian forces .	14	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Supposedly , Ammon and company are following in his father 's felonious footsteps by seizing this federal property in protest of the arrest of two Oregon ranchers -- Dwight and Steven Hammond , who were convicted of arson for setting fire to 127 acres of Federal land so as to protect their own property from uncontrollable forest fires .	19	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
One man was arrested yesterday and claims of fraudulent voting such as young men registering multiple names at the ballot boxes have materialised .	9	government.vote.violationspreventvote
Some large donors are foreigners with shadowy pasts , such as Lebanese businessman Gilbert Chagoury , who was denied entry to the U.S. last year because of suspicion of links to terrorism .	18	movement.transportartifact.prevententry
Trump backed Supreme Court justices who would overturn the landmark Roe vs. Wade ruling , while Clinton vowed to appoint justices that would uphold the decision legalizing abortion , saying , " We have come too far to have that turned back now . "	19	personnel.startposition.hiring
Born in the then - U.S.S.R. , Kukes immigrated to the U.S. in his twenties and became an American citizen , but has gone back and forth between Russia and the U.S. since then .	8	movement.transportperson.n/a
The United Nations Human Rights Council subsequently convened an independent , international commission of inquiry , which concluded that Israel , and to a lesser extent Palestinian armed groups , had likely committed violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law , some constituting war crimes .	7	contact.discussion.n/a
Mrs. Clinton has delivered a series of foreign policy speeches over the course of the nominating fight that included calling for accelerating the American - led operation to defeat the Islamic State , ending the economic embargo against Cuba , and pledging unwavering support of Israel .	36	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
Earlier in Monday 's rally , U.S. Rep. Brian Babin , R - Texas , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Space , criticized the Obama administration ’s 2010 cancellation of the Constellation program that had intended to return astronauts to the moon after the shuttle program , but was deemed under - funded and too far behind schedule .	53	transaction.transaction.n/a
Photos : All about asteroids NASA scientists used Earth - based radar to produce these sharp views of the asteroid designated " 2014 HQ124 " on June 8 , 2014 .	13	manufacture.artifact.createmanufacture
In December , ABC News reported on another the Russian emigre who professed ties to Trump , Felix Sater .	12	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
" They were shouting , ' The terrorist , he 's stabbing people , ' " said Emily Young , who is originally from Scarsdale , New York .	11	conflict.attack.stabbing
Member states also called on the U.S. to end child labor , human trafficking and sexual violence against Native American and Alaska Native women and to lift restrictions on the use of foreign aid to provide safe abortion services for rape victims in conflict areas .	13	movement.transportperson.smuggleextract
All sides to Syria conflict should respect truce	4	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The assault began at dawn when Turkish warplanes , tanks and special forces personnel crossed the nearby border .	1	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Teenage Isis recruits shot the soldiers from close range in the back of the head .	2	personnel.startposition.hiring
Trump has attempted to smear and intimidate a district judge , Gonzalo Curiel , who is presiding over a lawsuit for fraud against Trump University , with its distinguished faculty of cardboard cutouts and allegedly bankrupt real estate investors .	6	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
" Only arms embargoes , negotiations and diplomacy have any chance to end this crisis , " she said .	3	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
Tel Aviv police said the attacker began stabbing people near the entrance to the Jaffa Port , wounding a number people to varying degrees . He then escaped on foot in the direction of Tel Aviv , running between vehicles stopped on the road and stabbing motorists .	7	conflict.attack.stabbing
The retired general jolted the political scene by crossing party lines to endorse Obama in 2008 and 2012 .	1	personnel.endposition.n/a
May used a speech in central London to argue that it was the convention , rather than the EU , that had caused the extradition of extremist Abu Hamza to be delayed for years and that had almost stopped the deportation of Abu Qatada .	24	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
They have been constructed by intellectuals and academics who have had a radical agenda to transform the nation , and benefit themselves in the process .	3	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Speaking before Kerry , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the United States had not done enough to rein in Syrian rebels under its influence , adding that Syrian government troop withdrawals had not been matched with rebel retreats .	38	conflict.yield.retreat
Putin , who is expected to visit Crimea later this week in a show of support , convened his Security Council and canceled the next round of international talks meant to turn the shaky ceasefire in eastern Ukraine into a lasting peace .	17	contact.discussion.meet
Hooligans kicked the Englishman - wearing an orange T - shirt - on the floor before throwing him over the harbour wall and into the sea .	16	movement.transportartifact.n/a
“ The Daily Journalist ” website says that The Muslim Brotherhood , also known as “ Ikhwan ” in Arabic , has over 2,000 branches in 70 countries , and has a plan to reach world domination by building an unbreakable network , planning to eventually take over a country through elections .	46	government.formation.mergegpe
Victor Raiser , 53 , small plane crash , July 30 , 1992 .	7	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
You ’d expect something more along the lines of “ We tried our best to capture him alive so that we could bring him back to face justice starting with a fair trial , but , sadly , he died in a firefight . ” With a serious face , becoming of a Presumptive Future President .	42	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
The bureau wrote in its report that it was unable to track down all of Clinton ’s electronic equipment because some of it had been destroyed or lost .	25	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
In October last year , the European Parliament passed a resolution calling on EU governments to protect Snowden from prosecution and extradition .	21	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
ANKARA Iran has deployed the Russian - supplied S-300 surface - to - air missile defence system around its Fordow underground uranium enrichment facility , Iranian state media reported on Monday .	7	movement.transportartifact.sendsupplyexport
He was unruffled by the State Department branding his vow to retake every inch of Syria as “ delusional , ” saying it was only a matter of time until he regained full control of his country .	9	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
James Clapper did not name specific agency as being involved in surveillance via smart - home devices but said in congressional testimony it is a distinct possibility	11	government.spy.spy
Syrian rebels had declared the push for peace " futile " after Syrian government and Russian warplanes bombarded Aleppo in the worst surge of violence in the city for years .	17	conflict.attack.n/a
And the Democrats have sanctimoniously harpooned Trump for his many outrageously vulgar comments about women and over multiple allegations of sexual harassment and sexual assault by women over the past few decades .	24	conflict.attack.n/a
The EU and US condemned the annexation of Crimea and announced travel bans and asset freezes against a number of Russian and Ukrainian officials .	10	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
But if we ’re debating which candidate is worse for the Jews , what about Hillary Clinton ’s support for the deal that gives Iran — a country that holds an annual Holocaust denial cartoon contest and that funds Hezbollah and Hamas terrorist missiles and rockets aimed at Israeli Jews — $ 150 billion in sanctions relief ?	32	life.die.n/a
" Hillary Clinton will continue to use these false distractions like Ms. Machado and Mark Cuban to easily deceive the biased media , but will have no impact on Mr. Trump or the voters who are concerned with real issues . ”	18	contact.prevarication.broadcast
As someone who delights in the absurd in politics , I should celebrate Trump : an orange buffoon who flies to Scotland in the middle of the Brexit crisis and boasts about his golf resort , who brags about his penis size in a televised debate , lies about his charitable giving , fights with the pope , talks at a third - grade level , bastardizes Yiddish and bungles New Testament verses alike , calls 9/11 7-Eleven and believes global warming is a hoax invented by the Chinese .	45	contact.discussion.n/a
Libya is now destroyed and its residents consider themselves the victims of a holocaust .	13	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
As a consequence , the J-8 broke into two pieces and crashed into the sea causing the death of the pilot , whereas the EP-3 , severely damaged , performed an unauthorized landing at China ’s Lingshui airfield .	11	disaster.accidentcrash.accidentcrash
The former ambassador also stressed that there is “ virtually no difference ” between Al - Nusra and such groups as Jaish al - Islam , Ahrar al - Sham and Jaish al - Fatah as they are “ indistinguishable ” in terms of ideology , sectarian bias and their practical methods consisting of “ massacres and ruthlessness . ”	55	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Ministers from some of the largest oil - producing nations are gathering in Turkey this week to discuss ways to end a two - year supply glut .	17	contact.discussion.meet
Robert Young , a senior consultant for the Los Angeles - based Gerontology Research Group , a group that verifies and tracks the most elderly people in the world , said that Jones passed away at 8:26 p.m. Thursday at her senior home in Brooklyn where she had lived for more than three decades .	33	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Over 60 civilians have been killed and at least 200 injured during three days of US - led coalition airstrikes on residential areas in Mosul , the Russian military reported .	19	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Russia and Western countries have long said that they believe the flight was brought down by a bomb smuggled on board .	18	movement.transportartifact.smuggleextract
When asked to cut his own newsroom at the Globe , which his previous employer , the Times Company , had acquired in 1993 , Baron chose a different path .	21	transaction.transferownership.purchase
The truce is the culmination of new diplomatic efforts that reflect a battlefield dramatically changed since Russia joined the war in September with air strikes to prop up Assad .	24	conflict.attack.bombing
" The Soyuz rocket took off successfully , " the Russian space agency Roskosmos announced in a statement on Friday , adding that the ship would dock with the ISS after a six hour flight on Saturday .	14	contact.publicstatementinperson.broadcast
An email sent to Clinton six months later indicated Boeing executives were invited to South Africa with the Export - Import Bank to ink taxpayer - backed deals in Africa .	20	movement.transportartifact.receiveimport
( New York Times ) Republican Senate candidate Jon Keyser submitted the forged signature of a deceased person to get on the ballot , the Colorado Secretary of State announced yesterday , referring the matter to Denver 's district attorney .	16	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Between September 2010 and May 2011 , 1MDB agreed to lend an additional $ 830 m to the joint venture with PetroSaudi – bringing 1MDB ’s total investment to $ 1.83bn .	10	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
The list includes expected names like Rep. Xavier Becerra Xavier BecerraCalifornia ’s newest rep . promises ' hard stance ' against Trump agenda Dem AGs , green groups sue Trump over paused energy efficiency rules California must end its war on the constitutional rights of nonprofits MORE ( D - Calif . ) , Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack Thomas J. VilsackUSDA : Farm - to - school programs help schools serve healthier meals OVERNIGHT MONEY : House poised to pass debt - ceiling bill MORE , as well as Sen. Tim Kaine Tim KaineLive coverage : Senate Dems hold talkathon to protest GOP health plan Trump supporter who lost tight Va. governor primary weighs Senate run Northam defeats Sanders - backed candidate in Va. gov primary MORE ( D - Va . ) , who ended up joining Clinton 's ticket in July .	111	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
A fragile ceasefire is in place in eastern Ukraine between the army and pro - Russian rebels .	2	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
He told NTV television by telephone : " Our people should know that we will overcome this ... We are in control of the situation . "	5	contact.collaborate.correspondence
A conversation between the campaign and the pollsters in February 2016 , after Sanders won New Hampshire discusses “ new possible negatives ” to test in the poll , “ since most of our attacks have n't been working . ” One of the ideas is to condemn Sanders for “ socialism ” and say he wants to “ gut America ’s national security . ”	17	contact.discussion.correspondence
Given the roadblocks , residents of Cannon Ball are often forced to go more than 40 miles out of their way .	2	movement.transportperson.prevententry
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul RyanRepublicans and the lost promise of local control in education Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax push Overnight Finance : Ryan seeks manufacturing muscle for tax reform | Warren targets Wells Fargo board | Senators raise concerns over Russian takeover of Citgo | Pelosi hits GOP for budget delays MORE on Thursday formally requested Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to deny Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham ClintonGOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Trump seeks tech 's help for government IT overhaul What do Democrats stand for ?	8	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.n/a
We know that they arranged for a lot of those emails to be released , " Clinton said in an interview aired on 31 July .	20	contact.discussion.meet
Verified Voting also has a handy map of who votes using what equipment , which lets you drill down both to specific counties and machine brands , so you can see what 's in use at your polling station .	1	government.vote.castvote
“ We are not going to let anyone who is an ally and treaty partner of ours to be threatened , ” she said .	19	contact.threatencoerce.broadcast
A spokesman said in a telephone interview Sunday that Mr. Reid did not believe it was his place to disclose national security information , which had been told to him in confidential briefings with senior intelligence and law enforcement officials .	5	contact.collaborate.correspondence
" It is our estimate that Iraq will have an atomic bomb in three years , " Hanning said .	11	conflict.attack.bombing
Assange has expressed fears that , if extradited to Sweden , he would be in danger of being sent to the US , where he thinks he could face the death penalty .	7	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Clinton said Assange , after all , was a relatively soft target , “ walking around ” freely and thumbing his nose without any fear of reprisals from the United States .	14	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
6 ) Duterte has demanded that the United States apologize for the Bud Dajo “ massacre ” in 1906 , which his spokesman has ludicrously likened to the Holocaust .	28	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The words “ up to ” are disturbing , but compare them with Trump , who considers climate change a hoax , or with the Republican platform which proposes “ to shift responsibility for environmental regulation from the federal bureaucracy to the states ” and “ to transform the EPA into an independent bipartisan commission . ” They reject “ both the Kyoto Protocol and the Paris Agreement , ” and refer to the “ illusion of an environmental crisis . ” They want to revive the Keystone pipeline .	28	contact.publicstatementinperson.n/a
According to the National Coalition To Abolish The Death Penalty , since 1973 , 156 people have been executed on death row and later set free .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
This might not matter this year ; Trump is behind in the polls , and it ’s unlikely that he ’ll get to test his promises from anywhere more powerful than a cable news studio .	25	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.broadcast
[ … ] Republican delegates at last week ’s national security committee platform meeting in Cleveland were surprised when the Trump campaign orchestrated a set of events to make sure that the GOP would not pledge to give Ukraine the weapons it has been asking for from the United States .	13	contact.collaborate.meet
Stein 's issues page includes a more toned - down call for " principled collaboration in bringing a weapons embargo to the region , freezing the bank accounts of countries that continue to fund terrorist groups , promoting a ceasefire , and supporting inclusive peace talks . "	39	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
The U.N. report says of Hospital 601 , “ Many patients have been tortured to death in this facility . ” The soldier called himself Azrael , after the archangel of death ; other survivors recall him murdering patients in similarly horrifying ways .	37	life.die.n/a
Today ’s open - borders agenda has its roots not only in economic factors — the need for low - wage workers who will do the work that native - born Americans or Europeans supposedly will not — but also in several decades of intellectual ferment , in which Western academics have created a trendy field of “ borders discourse . ” What we might call post - borderism argues that boundaries even between distinct nations are mere artificial constructs , methods of marginalization designed by those in power , mostly to stigmatize and oppress the “ other”—usually the poorer and less Western — who arbitrarily ended up on the wrong side of the divide .	79	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Upon inspection , the documents do indeed cover a wide range of topics .	1	inspection.sensoryobserve.n/a
George W Bush had done huge damage to America ’s standing in the world by invading Iraq , Shen argued .	15	conflict.attack.invade
The jihadist group has also lost many of its top personnel in recent months , with the killing in late August of Abu Mohammad al - Adnani , its spokesman , thought to be the most devastating of these losses .	17	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
In May , Trump , whose businesses have declared bankruptcy four times , said , “ I ’ve borrowed knowing that you can pay back with discounts , ” and “ if the economy crashed you could make a deal . ” The notion that he might try to make creditors accept less than full payment on U.S. government debt caused an outcry .	18	transaction.transfermoney.borrowlend
“ The super PAC also plans a new seven - figure television ad buy in Georgia in addition to new radio ads targeted at African American voters .	13	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
At the time of the sanctions , U.S. markets accounted for nearly 70 percent of the company 's small - arms exports , including the famed AK-47 and its variants .	5	transaction.transfermoney.embargosanction
It said Ankara summoned the Russian ambassador to the ministry Friday evening to " strongly protest " the violation .	15	conflict.demonstrate.marchprotestpoliticalgathering
He is a consistent advocate of economic nationalism and protectionism , which seek to place the onus for layoffs and unemployment in the US on the workers of other countries .	18	personnel.endposition.n/a
As another Russian émigré , Tatiana Menaker , put it , “ We feel like we survived a plague , and now we are seeing people with boils on their skin . ” Most of those who ’ve immigrated from the former Soviet Union to the United States over the past few decades have been Jewish .	38	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Also endorsing Clinton are retired marine lieutenant general Walter Gaskin , a senior commander in volatile western Iraq during the surge who wrote an op - ed backing Clinton for the Military Times ; army general Johnnie Wilson ; air force major general Margaret Woodward , who led an effort at reducing sexual assault in the service ; the former head of the Indiana national guard , George Buskirk ; marine lieutenant general John Castellaw ; army major general Donna Barbisch ; air force brigadier generals Larry Gillespie and Dan Woodward ; navy vice - admiral Kevin Green ; air force lieutenant general Dirk Jameson , a senior officer with responsibility for nuclear weapons ; navy rear admirals Dave Oliver , Harold Robinson , Jamie Barnett , Mike Smith and Steven Glass ; and army brigadier general Loree Sutton , currently veterans services commissioner for New York City .	4	personnel.endposition.n/a
A distributed denial - of - service ( DDoS ) attack came , the newsmagazine suggests , in response to its cover story , “ How Donald Trump ’s company violated the United States embargo against Cuba . ”	34	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
The Sakha Republic , east of this region , has some 200 burial grounds of animals that succumbed to anthrax in the past .	12	contact.funeralvigil.meet
MOSCOW — Excited by Donald Trump ’s pledge to promote “ easing of tensions and improved relations with Russia , ” the Kremlin establishment earlier this month invited Trump adviser Carter Page to speak before graduating students of Russian School of Economics .	7	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Then , his famous 2007 « troop surge in Iraq » utterly failed to produce peace and to end the sectarian war the US and its allies had generated by their thoroughly counter - productive and shameful invasion against a nation that ( like Libya ) had n’t invaded nor threatened to invade the United States – nor its allies .	48	conflict.attack.invade
Barack Obama , Bill Clinton and John Kerry arrive on Air Force One Friday at Andrews Air Force Base as they return from attending the funeral of former Israeli President Shimon Peres in Jerusalem .	25	contact.funeralvigil.n/a
Ms. Park convened an urgent meeting of her top national security aides in Seoul .	2	contact.discussion.meet
It commences with a telephone call to this author in New York from Congressman Ed Gosset in Washington to come there at once .	4	contact.collaborate.correspondence
First of all , Europe should lift the embargo on the Syrian people ; they do n’t have an embargo on the Syrian government , it is against the Syrian people .	8	transaction.transaction.embargosanction
That would make faulty design , inadequate construction or some combination of the two the likely cause of the breaching of the floodwalls along the 17th Street and London Avenue canals -- and the flooding of most of New Orleans . ” The Washington PostFinally , the human toll was a result of people who did not evacuate when they were supposed to and poor planning by individuals who were responsible for evacuating people under their care . Al then talks about how the insurance industry pays out more money to flood and storm victims .	57	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
Investigators have tracked the IP addresses and other data from the DNC hack and found they matched attacks around the same time at other federal agencies .	17	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
These birds were dying of starvation with their stomachs bulging full . "	5	life.injure.n/a
Speaking in Waukesha , Wis. , Sept. 28 , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump accused Google of concealing " bad news " about his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton .	17	movement.transportartifact.hide
The alleged rape of a 13-year - old Russian - speaking girl in Berlin , supposedly by asylum - seekers , has fuelled anti - migrant protests from Germany 's large Russian community .	17	movement.transportperson.grantentryasylum
Not only will Hillary defend abortion , but she wants these deaths fully reimbursed by taxpayers .	13	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
It was n’t a command — it was a challenge .	4	contact.commandorder.n/a
This helps explain why Johnson ’s campaign has overwhelmingly emphasized pot - legalization and drone - crusading , while clamming up tight about the laundry list of Republican dream - policies in Gary Johnson ’s platform , such as ending corporate taxes and regulations on banks and pharmaceutical firms , and abolishing the minimum wage as well as child labor laws , treating those core ideas of his as if they ’re classified state secrets , lest some wobbly Romney voters hear about them and switch their vote to Gary Johnson .	51	government.legislate.legislate
-- Mayor Muriel E. Bowser released body camera footage from a fatal D.C. police shooting last week , showing a confrontation between officers and a 63-year - old man holding what was later revealed to be a pellet gun .	11	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
" Russia needs to stop supporting the militants and withdraw its forces and military equipment from Ukrainian territory , " Stoltenberg said after a meeting of NATO defence ministers with their Ukrainian counterpart in Brussels .	9	conflict.yield.n/a
But because Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama failed to provide a status of forces agreement and leave sufficient troops in there , we are back at war .	14	government.agreements.n/a
You all deserve to be defeated and annihilated .	7	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Feinstein had praised Comey in July for a “ thorough , objective review ” , after the FBI director declined to recommend an indictment over Clinton ’s private email service .	21	contact.requestadvise.meet
Asked about the hold on the shipments , a senior U.S. official cited reports that the Saudi - led coalition used cluster bombs “ in areas in which civilians are alleged to have been present or in the vicinity . ”	6	movement.transportartifact.disperseseparate
A former top Palestinian official cited the Protocols of the Elders of Zion , a forged text produced in Russia at the turn of the last century that purports to outline Jewish plans to take over the world , as proof that the world economy is controlled by Jews .	34	government.formation.n/a
Today , Tunisia is the top country for recruits to the Islamic State .	8	personnel.startposition.n/a
Russian personnel and their family members are granted diplomatic immunity in the agreement , and all transport means used to ship equipment and ammunition to Syria is to be immune from inspections , searches , or impounding .	31	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
For Hillary to employ a private internet tech to set up this server was itself a federal felony since it could not have been secure .	3	personnel.startposition.hiring
Arun Prakash , who served as chief of the Indian Naval Staff , evaluated the aircraft in 1999 before the purchase from Russia .	20	transaction.transfermoney.purchase
Her team negotiated the New START Treaty with Russia to reduce nuclear weapons and reestablish inspections .	2	contact.negotiate.meet
This week Buzzfeed News used the archive to report that Democratic president candidate Hillary Clinton removed from her campaign website a statement that survivors of sexual assault “ have the right to be believed ” as Juanita Broaddrick resurfaced decades - old rape allegations against Clinton ’s husband , former President Bill Clinton .	42	life.injure.n/a
The long - haul plane will be developed in Russia and assembled in China .	11	manufacture.artifact.n/a
Yet the attack on the Syrian city , he contended , was not different from the U.S.-backed assault on Mosul , the Iraqi city held by the Islamic State .	17	life.injure.n/a
He sought refuge in the Ecuadorian embassy in 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden over sex assault allegations that he says are a US plot to jail him for leaking US military and diplomatic files .	26	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
" It should n't be a surprise that if terrorists get hold of nuclear material they will try to use it , we also know that they are seeking such material , there were reports , for example , of ISIS getting hold of uranium when they captured Mosul , " he said .	47	justice.arrestjaildetain.arrestjaildetain
Tor Espen Haga , a spokesman for the Norwegian police immigration service , told the broadcaster NRK ( in Norwegian ) , that all those transported had either a valid Russian visa or other residence permit .	25	movement.transportartifact.fall
Ohio and 30 other states should join the current list and abolish the death penalty . "	11	government.legislate.legislate
Trump said Clinton was in the center of a " global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class , stripped our country of its wealth , and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities . "	22	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Assange addressed the audience from the Embassy of Ecuador in London where he 's been living for the past four years as he fights extradition to Sweden over sexual assault allegations .	29	conflict.attack.n/a
In addition , the chairman of the company , Uranium One , donated to the Clinton Foundation and these donations were undisclosed .	12	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
Before he was told he had failed , however , other people in the room were told they had passed the preliminary test and were set to work composing comments on two English - language articles about Ukraine – one by the New York Times and another by CNN .	28	manufacture.artifact.createintellectualproperty
In 2009 , Band reached out to Abedin and asked if she could help put a Nigerian businessman of Lebanese descent named Gilbert Chagoury – who had donated to the Clinton Foundation — in touch with “ the substance person re : Lebanon . ” Chagoury apparently wanted to pass along information about upcoming elections in Lebanon .	27	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
" Further , all of the political payments directed to me were for my entire political team : campaign staff ( local and international ) , polling and research , election integrity and television advertising .	7	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Ilona Bogen , who immigrated from Lithuania about 15 years ago , is one of the few in Mayfield Heights likely to support Hillary Clinton .	4	inspection.sensoryobserve.inspectpeopleorganization
It is not surprising , then , that the Kremlin would pay internet trolls to pose as Trump supporters and build him up online .	11	transaction.transfermoney.payforservice
FP : In that , by voting for him , you ’re more showing who you are than voting for a policy ?	6	government.vote.n/a
The latest broadside by former rebel Kadyrov -- accused by human rights groups of overseeing torture , extrajudicial executions and corruption -- came after he last week called liberal independent media " enemies of Russia " that seek to sow " chaos " in the Caucasus and beyond .	18	justice.judicialconsequences.execute
Congress voted to put Rousseff on trial on charges that she shifted funds to cover holes in the national budget .	12	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
The statement also reaffirmed the asylum granted to Assange and reiterated its intention “ to safeguard his life and physical integrity until he reaches a safe place ” .	6	transaction.transfermoney.giftgrantprovideaid
If yellow fever did take hold in Asia , he says , then the numbers at immediate risk would rise from tens of millions to 100 m or more .	2	life.injure.n/a
I am a combat veteran of the U.S. Army ; I served for 18½ years , received an honourable medical discharge , and was declared 100 per cent Service Connected Disabled .	20	personnel.endposition.firinglayoff
Canavero says he intends to make a plea to Mark Zuckerberg to finance the surgery .	14	life.injure.illnessdegradationphysical
2/14 On immigration : " I will build a great wall — and nobody builds walls better than me , believe me — and I ’ll build them very inexpensively .	14	manufacture.artifact.build
A federal judge ruled in 2013 that the New York City program violated the rights of minorities .	12	government.agreements.violateagreement
Among the key findings were : the plane was hit by a Russian - made Buk-9M38 missile ; the missile was fired from the rebel - held village of Pervomaysk in eastern Ukraine ; and the launcher was transported into Ukraine from Russia .	38	movement.transportartifact.bringcarryunload
— “ For the first time , students will be able to use Pell Grants and federal student loans to help cover costs of nontraditional coding bootcamps and other programs . ” POLITICO Pro .	18	transaction.transfermoney.n/a
Only the intervention of Joshua Chamberlain , the hero at Gettysburg , prevented opposing militias in the state , one Democrat and the other Republican , from waging a battle on the grounds of the state capitol .	29	conflict.attack.n/a
Russian media reported Monday that a woman working as a nanny in Moscow had decapitated a four - year - old boy and then held his head up while shouting at people near the entrance to a subway station before being arrested .	14	life.die.n/a
She has to go to jail , ” he declared at his second rally in Lakeland , Florida , prompting supporters to chant “ lock her up ! ” “ And her law firm , which is a very big and powerful law firm , which is the one that said oh , they ’ll determine what they ’re giving , those representatives within that law firm that did that have to go to jail . ”	74	movement.transportperson.preventexit
I believe these factors indicate Iranian leaders are contemplating violating or terminating the JCPOA in the short to medium term by resuming uranium enrichment at Fordow and want to prevent Israel from responding with airstrikes and discourage the United States from doing so .	34	conflict.attack.airstrikemissilestrike
On November 2010 , Assange was requested to be extradited to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning concerning an allegation of rape .	9	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
The Iranian and Syrian forces who massacred hundreds of thousands of people ? ”	6	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
International Development Secretary Priti Patel hit out last night : “ Schools should be safe places to learn , not transformed into places of slaughter . ”	24	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
As the war in Iraq dragged on , there were anecdotal reports about Americans traveling abroad with Canadian flags sewn onto their belongings , hoping to avoid confrontations with critics of U.S. policies and leaders .	2	conflict.attack.selfdirectedbattle
Democrats have ignored the opportunity to replace the increasingly damaged Clinton with a qualified and vetted candidate readily at hand , such as Vice President Joseph Biden or Secretary of State John Kerry John KerryTillerson : ' My view did n’t change ' on Paris climate agreement CORRECTED : Three members of Mueller 's team have donated to Democrats Kerry : New Iran sanctions may be dangerous MORE .	46	government.agreements.acceptagreementcontractceasefire
While GOP nominee Donald Trump Donald TrumpLewandowski near ' high six - figure book deal ' : report GOP fires opening attack on Dem reportedly running for Heller 's Senate seat Overnight Tech : Trump seeks tech 's help for ' sweeping ' IT overhaul | FTC looks to block sports fantasy merger | Firm exposes nearly 200 M voters ' data MORE debates with his campaign staff about whether to keep insulting a former Miss Universe , a profound and serious contest has begun between former Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders Bernie SandersSanders to GOP on healthcare bill : ' What are you afraid of ? '	63	contact.negotiate.meet
According to statements Fredriksson posted on Twitter , his “ work ” at SÄPO covered different periods between 2004 and 2010 , the year Sweden opened its ‘ investigation ’ against the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange .	28	justice.investigate.n/a
In April , Denmark said it would increase its involvement in the coalition ’s effort by sending seven F-16 jets , a transport aircraft and military personnel to assist the Syria campaign .	22	movement.transportperson.bringcarryunload
Clinton is vowing to fix the Affordable Care Act and Trump is promising to repeal and replace " Obamacare . "	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.correspondence
Kim Jong Un executes own " crazy uncle " to keep him from ruining another family Christmas	3	justice.judicialconsequences.n/a
With a narrower range , the brain does n’t have to multitask as much and worry about what the face is doing , which makes it easier to deceive . ” And so Donald Trump can sound just as convincing saying something that plainly is not true , such as his imagined meeting request from the Kochs , as something that is true .	28	contact.prevarication.broadcast
The document — which was disputed by Sarkozy — surfaced among the archives of the demolished Qaddafi regime , and has been backed up by several former regime insiders .	15	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.destroy
They killed 44 people with gunfire and the explosions of powerful suicide vests .	8	disaster.fireexplosion.fireexplosion
Saudi Arabia is discussing plans to deploy ground troops with regional allies , including Turkey , for a safe zone in Syria , in a last - ditch effort to keep alive a rebellion at risk of collapse as a Russian - backed offensive by Syrian regime forces encroaches on the northern province of Aleppo .	48	conflict.attack.n/a
And I promise you this : with your help , I will be a President for Democrats , Republicans , and Independents .	2	contact.commitmentpromiseexpressintent.meet
The Iraqi military operation will be ruthlessly efficient at cleansing the land of Mosul from the disease of ISIS , and it will in turn retract and try and escape into the Persian Gulf Nations to regroup and re - examine their long term options .	29	movement.transportperson.evacuationrescue
The site ’s since - deceased founder , Andrew Breitbart , once “ described Bannon , with sincere admiration , as the Leni Riefenstahl of the Tea Party movement , ” according to a Bloomberg News profile .	5	life.die.nonviolentdeath
Similarly , some Republicans pretended to be shocked when Trump asserted that he would follow two - bit tyrants such as Russian President Vladimir Putin and Iran ’s Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and imprison his political rival after the election .	32	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
The US , assuming that a weakened Russia will never again be in a position to counter US hegemonic power , proceeded to encroach on Russia ’s borders through its manipulation of NATO objectives .	23	conflict.attack.invade
O’Brien : You know , I think he has stumbled into this whole event .	9	movement.transportperson.fall
For example , Hillary believes that it is vital to deceive the people by having one public policy and a totally different policy in private . "	10	contact.prevarication.broadcast
There is the expectation of special treatment — see his debate boycott .	11	transaction.transferownership.embargosanction
A full or a near - full tech transfer lays the ground for further development , " said retired Indian air marshal M. Matheswaran , a former adviser at HAL .	18	personnel.endposition.quitretire
One of Trump ’s few named foreign policy advisers is Carter Page , an investment banker who has worked in Moscow and has advised and invested in the state - controlled Russian energy giant Gazprom .	23	contact.requestadvise.n/a
With a Delta Force officer standing by his side , Berntsen drafted a message to his superiors back in Washington that he told me ended with this line : “ Let ’s kill this baby in the crib . ” Berntsen wanted to send in troops — fewer than 1,000 Army Rangers — who could have closed the noose ( his position was backed by Marine Gen. James Mattis , who wanted to send in his own troops ) , but George W. Bush , on the advice of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Vice President Dick Cheney , turned him down , believing that Pakistani forces would trap bin Laden as the Afghans forced him southward into Pakistan .	32	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
The OECD says the average homicide rate among the 36 countries is 4.1 per 100,000 people .	5	life.die.deathcausedbyviolentevents
Clinton seemed to borrow enough “ no more for - profit prisons ” and economic populism postures from Sanders that one almost expected him to run out onstage with a folding chair , WWF - style .	3	transaction.transferownership.borrowlend
In December 2015 , President Obama ignored FBI - procured evidence that the terrorist attack in San Bernardino , Calif. , was an Islamic terrorist operation and ordered federal officials to mislead the public about the true nature of the assault .	31	contact.prevarication.correspondence
She worked with teenagers incarcerated in adult prisons in South Carolina and families with disabled children in Massachusetts .	4	movement.transportartifact.preventexit
“ They say they ’ve had issues sending secure fax .	9	contact.collaborate.correspondence
Since September , when the chancellor began allowing refugees from Hungary to enter Germany , Hayali has repeatedly received messages on Facebook telling her how German women had allegedly been raped or how mass robberies were being committed by refugees .	34	conflict.attack.stealrobhijack
Both Kreep and Jim Lacy have provided legal help to Minutemen groups in San Diego , when they were at their violent peak terrorizing homeless illegal migrant workers and vandalizing their shanties .	29	artifactexistence.damagedestroy.damage
He ’s walking out , like , big high - fives , smiling , laughing .	2	movement.transportperson.selfmotion
Asked why he agreed to be extradited when he faces the possibility of more than five decades in an American prison , Lazar said , " It was not my call . "	6	justice.judicialconsequences.extradite
Earlier this month he endorsed torture “ much worse ” than waterboarding , prompting former CIA director Michael Hayden last week to suggest that military and intelligence officers might “ refuse to act ” on Trump ’s orders .	5	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
Retaliating against Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s meddling , and indicting Trump and his colleagues on charges of seditious conspiracy are equally problematic .	10	justice.initiatejudicialprocess.chargeindict
Related Stories CAR BOMB MURDER Award - winning journalist killed by IED in horror blast ' which may have been meant for his partner ' Pure evil US - backed Syrian rebels film themselves beheading 11-year - old boy for being a spy COUP 'S TERROR RISK Turkey 's instability threatens UK and US airbases used to fight ISIS in Syria RUSSIA ' BOMBS ' REFUGEES Putin 's jets ' blitz makeshift camp ' in Syria killing 12 people and injuring dozens more RESURGENCE OF AL QAEDA How terror fanatics are becoming a more formidable force than the ISIS ' TV terrorists ' in Syria	42	government.spy.spy
Lacy fought to have the courts void the will of Orange County ’s voters , and the courts agreed , saying that putting restrictions on how badly Lacy could deceive voters violated his First Amendment rights and constituted a form of tyranny .	29	contact.prevarication.broadcast
He has never been arrested , charged or convicted of any related offences .	8	justice.judicialconsequences.convict
Julia Ioffe , who is Jewish , said the hatred she had experienced since her piece was published reminded her of racism her family experienced in Russia before it immigrated to the US 26 years ago .	29	inspection.sensoryobserve.physicalinvestigateinspect
Our students are under tremendous pressure to a point where it 's making them sick .	14	life.injure.n/a
He kept silent more often and attacked less . "	6	life.injure.injurycausedbyviolentevents
The FBI announced Monday it is investigating the hack , and promised to hold accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace .	6	justice.investigate.investigatecrime
" Where funds are actually donated , charities should consider the risks posed by anonymous or opaque donors and take reasonable steps to identify them - especially if amounts are large or unusual , " said Oliver May , an expert on fraud in humanitarian agencies .	5	transaction.transferownership.giftgrantprovideaid
Russian officials insist it is to tackle terrorism and is aimed at Islamic hate preaching .	14	contact.mediastatement.broadcast
Earlier this year she was a guest on radio show Power 105.1 Breakfast Club in New York where she met host Lenard McKelvey - also known as Charlamagne the God - who believes he has been abducted by aliens several times .	19	contact.collaborate.n/a
